# Cover Page

<ocr_service_page_start>1<ocr_service_page_start>

# Patient Documents Web Mode [PATIENT_NAME] [DOB] (81 yo M) Acc No. [ACCOUNT_NUMBER] : [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] DC SUMMARY ASK EVA ?

| [PATIENT_NAME], ... 81 Y,M   INFO  HUB

<    [ ]    1/6    >    132%    [ ]    I    [ ] |
Quick Search T
2015/01/05 [PROVIDER_NAME]--
2014/10/14 [PROVIDER_NAME]-
2014/10/03 [PROVIDER_NAME]-
@ 2014/07/18 [PROVIDER_NAME]-
2014/05/29 [PROVIDER_NAME]
2014/04/18 [PROVIDER_NAME]-
2014/03/06 [PROVIDER_NAME]-
eCW P2P Documents(0)
Forms Pending, Blank(0)
Fax Inbox(0)
Home Health/Palliative Care//H...
Inpatient Records and ER(5)
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] IP SUMMARY
¥ [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] DC SUMMARY
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] ADMIT HP
@ [ENCOUNTER_DATE] ED [FACILITY_NAME] NOTE
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] ED [FACILITY_NAME] NOTE
Insurance Denials, Misc. Forms...
Lab Documents(10)
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] Auto Diff,
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] A1C, ABO/Rh
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] TROPHS
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] Auto Diff.

[x] Add Description

# [FACILITY_NAME]

Patient Name [PATIENT_NAME]
MRN [MRN]
FIN [ACCOUNT_NUMBER]
DOB/Age/Sex [DOB] I 80 M

# [FACILITY_NAME]

[ADDRESS]

| Admit     | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 3:49:00 PM |
| Disch     | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 1:00:00 PM |
| Attending | [PROVIDER_NAME]       |
| Location  | CCU I 0360 | A       |
# Discharge Summary

| Service Date/Time   | [SERVICE_DATE] 09:36                            |
| Result Status       | Corrected                                   |
| Perform Information | [PROVIDER_NAME] (5/29/2024 9:39:16 AM) |

| Sign Information                            | [PROVIDER_NAME] (6/3/2024 3:59:17 PM)   |
| [PROVIDER_NAME] (5/29/2024 9:39:28 AM) |                                             |
| Authentication Information                  | [PROVIDER_NAME] (5/29/2024 9:39:28 AM) |
# Date of Service

# Admission Date

[ENCOUNTER_DATE]

Discharge Diagnosis

Electronic document received from AUL Dpt Rpts ...          If content is not visible properly, please click here to view in external viewer

                                                                 Scanned By:Lab, Interface   On:[ENCOUNTER_DATE]

| Add Local   Options ▾   ⟳ |



---


# Encounter 1

<ocr_service_page_start>2<ocr_service_page_start>

<page_2_image_1.jpg>

[FACILITY_NAME]
[ADDRESS]

Patient Name [PATIENT_NAME]
MRN [MRN]
FIN [ACCOUNT_NUMBER]
DOB/Age/Sex [DOB] I 80 M

Admit
Disch
Attending
Location

[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 3:49:00 PM
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 1:00:00 PM
[PROVIDER_NAME]
CCU I 0360 A

# Discharge Summary

| Service Date/Time   | [SERVICE_DATE] 09:36                            |
| Result Status       | Corrected                                       |
| Perform Information | [PROVIDER_NAME] ([ENCOUNTER_DATE] 9:39:16 AM)   |

| Sign Information           | [PROVIDER_NAME] ([ENCOUNTER_DATE] 3:59:17 PM) [PROVIDER_NAME] ([ENCOUNTER_DATE] 9:39:28 AM) |
| Authentication Information | [PROVIDER_NAME] ([ENCOUNTER_DATE] 9:39:28 AM)                                           |
# Date of Service

[ENCOUNTER_DATE]

# Admission Date

[ENCOUNTER_DATE]

# Discharge Diagnosis

Atherosclerotic heart disease of native coronary artery with
unstable angina pectoris (125.110 - ICD-10-CM)
Hyperlipidemia, unspecified (E78.5 - ICD-10-CM)
Nonrheumatic mitral (valve) insufficiency (134.0 - ICD-10-
CM)
Nicotine dependence, chewing tobacco, uncomplicated
(F17.220 - ICD-10-CM)
Personal history of malignant neoplasm of prostate (Z85.46
- ICD-10-CM)
Personal history of irradiation (Z92.3 - ICD-10-CM)
Abnormal EKG (5C5ACB57-E8B2-4A7A-AF9C-
A9BCA28B369B PNED)
Additional Orders:

Ordered: ACE Inhibitor at Discharge, given:Hypotension
Ordered: ARB at Discharge, Not given:Hypotension
Ordered: Aspirin at Discharge,Prescribed at discharge
Ordered: Beta Blocker at Discharge,Prescribed at discharge
Discontinued: Call Parameters,[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 19:08:00 EDT, IF
APTT GREATER THAN 150 SECONDS X 2 CONSECUTIVE BLOOD
DRAWS, [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 19:08:00 EDT
Other status: Cardiac Catheterization - CV,[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 8:00:00
EDT, [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 8:00:00 EDT, [PROVIDER_NAME], Routine,
Radial access, Type: Left, Chest pain, Physician to Read:
Cardiovascular Consultants, Full Code, 67.000000 kg, [FACILITY_NAME],
ER(Complete)

Ordered: Cardiac Rehab Phase II at Discharge,Prescribed at

## discharge

Ordered: Consult to Case Management/Social
Service,[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 9:36:00 EDT, Discharge Planning
Ordered: Discharge,[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 9:36:00 EDT, Discharged to:

9:36:00 EDT

# Discharge Date

[ENCOUNTER_DATE]

# Patient Instructions

Please follow up with your Primary
Care Physician (PCP) as soon as
possible.
Please follow-up with your
Cardiologist.
Please keep all follow-up
appointments.
Please take all medications as
prescribed.
No lifting greater than 5 pounds
for 7 days.
No bathing. May shower.
- Please return for medical care if
your condition worsens or changes

# Medications

## Changed

aspirin (aspirin 81 mg oral
tablet, chewable)1 tab(s)
Chewed once a day. Refills: 11.
atorvastatin (atorvastatin 80
mg oral tablet)1 tab(s) by
mouth once a day. Refills: 11.

## Unchanged

amiodarone (amiodarone 200
mg oral tablet)1 tab(s) by
mouth twice daily with meals.
Refills: 0.

Ordered: Discharge Activity,N activity restrictions, [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

Cuff)Check and Log Blood

<ocr_service_page_start>3<ocr_service_page_start>

| Patient Name | [PATIENT_NAME] |
| MRN          | [MRN]          |
| FIN          | [ACCOUNT_NUMBER]  |
| Admit    | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
| Disch    |                      |
| Location | CCU I 0360 I A       |
Ordered: Discharge Diet,Type of Diet: Cardiac, No changes
were made to your diet during your hospital stay. Please resume your
pre hospitalization diet on discharge., [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
Discontinued: Heparin HBW CARDIAC Bolus 5000
units/mL,Start: [ENCOUNTER_DATE], Dose = 4,000 unit(s), = 0.8
mL, IV Push, q6h, PRN, Protocol, Weight Based Heparin, 0, [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
Discontinued: Heparin for IV 25,000 unit(s) [12
unit(s)/kg/hr] + Dextrose 5% Premix Diluent 250 mL,Start: [ENCOUNTER_DATE], Rate: 8.04 mL/hr, [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
Discontinued: Heparin/APTT Initiation,[ENCOUNTER_DATE], Once, [ENCOUNTER_DATE], APTT 6 hours after initial
HEPARIN bolus
Discontinued: Heparin/APTT Maintenance,[ENCOUNTER_DATE], APTT every 6 hours for the first 24 hours, [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
Discontinued: Heparin/APTT Maintenance,[ENCOUNTER_DATE], After 2 consecutive therapeutic APTT's obtain APTT every day
and prn if any bleeding concerns, [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
Discontinued: Heparin/APTT Maintenance,[ENCOUNTER_DATE], Order APTT 6 hours after any dosage change, adjusting
HEPARIN infusion by the sliding scale, [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
Discontinued: Heparin/APTT Maintenance,[ENCOUNTER_DATE], Draw next APTT in 4 hours, if APTT is greater than 83 seconds,,
[ENCOUNTER_DATE]
Ordered: P2Y12 at Discharge,Prescribed at discharge
Ordered: Statin at Discharge,Prescribed at discharge
Ordered: Toprol-XL 25 mg oral tablet, extended release,Dose
: 25 mg = 1 tab(s), Oral, BID, # 60 tab(s), 11 Refill(s), Pharmacy:
Aultman Employee Pharmacy, 180.3, cm, [ENCOUNTER_DATE],
Height, kg, [ENCOUNTER_DATE], Dosing Weight
Ordered: amiodarone 200 mg oral tablet,Dose 200 mg = 1
tab(s), Oral, BIDM, # 60 tab(s), 0 Refill(s), Pharmacy: Aultman
Employee Pharmacy, 180.3, cm, [ENCOUNTER_DATE], Height, kg,
[ENCOUNTER_DATE], Dosing Weight
Ordered: aspirin 81 mg oral tablet, chewable,Dose : 81 mg =
1 tab(s), Chewed, qDay, # 30 tab(s), 11 Refill(s), Pharmacy: Aultman
Employee Pharmacy, 180.3, cm, [ENCOUNTER_DATE], Height, kg,
[ENCOUNTER_DATE], Dosing Weight
Ordered: atorvastatin 80 mg oral tablet,Dose 80 mg = 1
tab(s), Oral, qDay, # 30 tab(s), 11 Refill(s), Pharmacy: Aultman
Employee Pharmacy, 180.3, cm, [ENCOUNTER_DATE], Height, kg,
[ENCOUNTER_DATE], Dosing Weight
Ordered: isosorbide mononitrate 30 mg oral tablet, extended
release,Dose 30 mg = 1 tab(s), Oral, qDayAC, # 30 tab(s), 11
Refill(s), Pharmacy: Aultman Employee Pharmacy, 180.3, cm,
[ENCOUNTER_DATE], Height, kg, [ENCOUNTER_DATE], Dosing
Weight
Ordered: ticagrelor 90 mg oral tablet,Dose 90 mg = 1
tab(s), Oral, q12h, # 60 tab(s), 11 Refill(s), Pharmacy: Aultman
Employee Pharmacy, 180.3, cm, [ENCOUNTER_DATE], Height, kg,
[ENCOUNTER_DATE], Dosing Weight

Pressure Daily. Refills: 1.
isosorbide mononitrate
(isosorbide mononitrate 30
mg oral tablet, extended
release)1 tab(s) by mouth once
a day before a meal. Refills: 11.
metoprolol (Toprol-XL 25 mg
oral tablet, extended
release)1 tab(s) by mouth two
(2) times a day. Refills: 11.
ticagrelor (ticagrelor 90 mg
oral tablet)1 tab(s) by mouth
every 12 hours. Refills: 11.
# Discontinued

ramipril (ramipril 10 mg oral

capsule)1 cap by mouth every
day. Refills: 0.

ollow Up
# Follow Up
with [PROVIDER_NAME]
When:In 1
week
Where:[ADDRESS]
# Follow Up
with [PROVIDER_NAME],
Community
Healthcare
Belden
When:Within 1-
2 days
Where:[FACILITY_NAME]

# Hospital Course

<ocr_service_page_start>4<ocr_service_page_start>

| 80-year-old male with past medical history of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, CAD status post PCI with stents to RCA and LAD in                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | [PHONE]                                                                                                                        |
| the 2000's, mild to moderate MR, history of tobacco abuse, family history of CAD, and history of prostate cancer was directly admitted from cardiology office due to complaints of chest pain in the outpatient setting concerning for unstable angina. Patient was admitted under the cardiology service. Patient underwent transthoracic echocardiogram done during stay which showed LVEF of 60 to 65% with no wall motion abnormality. Hospital course complicated by ventricular tachycardia for which patient was started on amiodarone. Patient then underwent left cardiac catheterization during stay which showed patent RCA stent with severe in-stent restenosis of the LAD patient underwent PCI with DES to LAD X 2. | Follow Up with * [FACILITY_NAME] Cardiac Rehab will call you for an appointment in 1-2weeks Any questions please call:[PHONE] |
| Patient was optimized on goal-directed medical therapy during stay. Patient now stable and will be discharged home with medications as prescribed. Patient follow-up primary care physician and cardiologist outpatient.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Follow Up with [PROVIDER_NAME],                                                                                                |
FOIIOW up
with [PROVIDER_NAME],
When:[ENCOUNTER_DATE]
24 01:30 PM
EDT
Where:[ADDRESS]
[PHONE]

# Allergies

NKA

# Procedures

Transthoracic echocardiogram
Cardiac catheterization
PCI with DES to LAD X2

# Consults

Consult to Case Management/Social Service - Ordered
-- [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 9:36:00 EDT, Discharge Planning

# Imaging Results and Diagnostics

## XR Chest 1 View

Result Date: May 24, 2024
Verified By: [PROVIDER_NAME]
CLINICAL STATEMENT:
IMPRESSION: No acute radiographic findings.

## Transthoracic Echocardiography Study date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
Study Time: 08:49 AM

Study IIIIIC. All
# Summary:
1. Left ventricle: The cavity size is normal. Wall thickness is normal.
Systolic function is normal. The estimated ejection
fraction is 60-65%. Wall motion is normal; there are no regional wal
motion abnormalities. Diastolic dysfunction
present but unable to assess severity.
2. Aortic valve: There is mild regurgitation.
3. Aortic root: The aortic root is dilated
4. Mitral valve: There is mild regurgitation.
5. Right ventricle: Systolic pressure is mildly increased. The RV
systolic pressure by Doppler is 34 mm Hg.
6. Right atrium: The estimated right atrial pressure is 3 mm Hg.
7. Inferior vena cava: The IVC is normal-sized.
8. Pericardium, extracardiac: There is no pericardial effusion.
Study data: Patient unit: CCU. Patient room number: 0360.

# Follow Up Appointments

No qualifying data available.

# Follow Up Labs/Studies

Discharge Labs
No Follow-up Labs
Discharge Studies

<ocr_service_page_start>5<ocr_service_page_start>

Transthoracic echocardiography. M-mode, complete 2D,
complete spectral Doppler, and color Doppler. Study status: Routine.
Patient status: Outpatient. Objective: CP. Location:
ICU Procedure: Transthoracic echocardiography was performed.
Image quality was good.
Left ventricle: The cavity size is normal. Wall thickness is normal.
Systolic function is normal. The estimated ejection
fraction is 60-65%. Wall motion is normal; there are no regional wall
motion abnormalities. The wall mass is 162 g. The
wall mass index is 89 g/m². Diastolic dysfunction present but unable
to assess severity. Unable to evaluate severity grade
due to arrhythmia.
Left atrium: The atrium is normal in size. The volume index by biplane
method is 21 ml/m².
Right ventricle: The cavity size is normal. Wall thickness is normal.
Systolic function is normal. Systolic pressure is mildly
increased. The RV systolic pressure by Doppler is 34 mm Hg.
Right atrium: The atrium is normal in size. The estimated right atrial
pressure is 3 mm Hg.
Mitral valve: The valve is structurally normal. Leaflet separation is
normal. The pressure half-time is 91 ms. The peak E/A
ratio is 1.22. The valve area (LVOT continuity) is 2.0 cm². Doppler:
Transvalvular velocity is within the normal range. There
is no evidence for stenosis. There is mild regurgitation. The mean
diastolic gradient is 1 mm Hg. The valve area by
pressure half-time is 2.4 cm².
Aortic valve: The valve is structurally normal. The valve is trileaflet.
Cusp separation is normal. The peak systolic velocity
is 1.4 m/sec. The systolic velocity-time integral is 31.3 cm. The mean
systolic gradient is 4 mm Hg. The LVOT to aortic
valve VTI ratio is 0.66. The valve area by VTI is 1.9 cm². The valve
area by peak velocity is 1.9 cm². Doppler:
Transvalvular velocity is within the normal range. There is no stenosis.
There is mild regurgitation.
Tricuspid valve: The valve is structurally normal. Leaflet separation is
normal. The regurgitant peak velocity is 2.8 m/sec.
Doppler: Transvalvular velocity is within the normal range. There is no
evidence for stenosis. There is mild regurgitation.
Pulmonic valve: The valve is structurally normal. Cusp separation is
normal. The peak systolic velocity is 1.05 m/sec.
Doppler: Transvalvular velocity is within the normal range. There is no
regurgitation.

No Follow-up Studies

# Discharge Diet

Discharge Diet - Ordered
-- Type of Diet: Cardiac, No
changes were made to your diet
during your hospital stay. Please
resume your pre hospitalization diet
on discharge., [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 9:36:00
EDT

# Discharge Activity

Discharge Activity - Ordered
-- NO activity restrictions, [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
9:36:00 EDT

# Condition on Discharge

Stable

# Discharge Disposition

Home

# Cardiac Catheterization Study date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
# Procedures performed:
Left heart catheterization.
Right coronary angiography.
Left coronary angiography.
Coronary Lithotripsy.
Percutaneous intervention on the 90% region of neointimal
proliferation in the proximal LAD. Balloon angioplasty.
Interventional IVUS Stent placement.
# SUMMARY:

<ocr_service_page_start>6<ocr_service_page_start>

1. 1st lesion: Stent placement was performed. A 3 mm (D) X 38 mm
(L), Synergy XD stent was used. The stent was
advanced across the lesion and deployed with a single inflation and a
maximum pressure of 12 atm. Stent placement
was performed. A 2.75 mm (D) X 20 mm (L), Synergy XD stent was
used. The stent was advanced across the lesion
and deployed with three inflations and a maximum pressure of 20
atm.
2. LAD: Proximal vessel lesion: The diagnostic study demonstrated a
tubular, 90% occluding region of neointimal
proliferation. The distal vessel supplies a large vascular territory. The
lesion is a likely culprit for the patient's anginal
symptoms and clinical presentation. The lesion presents an ACC/AHA
type C "high risk" lesion for intervention. Stent
placement was performed, with balloon angioplasty and/or
intravascular ultrasound, resulting in an excellent
angiographic appearance (see 1st lesion). Following intervention,
there is a residual 0% stenosis with TIMI grade 3
flow (brisk flow).
IMPRESSIONS: Heavily calcified ISR of prior LAD stent - s/p PCI with
DES after IVL.

# Physical Exam

Vitals and Measurements
T: 36.7 °C (Oral) TMIN: 36.4 °C (Oral) TMAX: 36.9 °C (Oral)
HR: 73 (Apical) HR: 67 (Monitored) RR: 18 BP: 118/050
SpO2: 97%

## Weight

Dosing weight: 00.9 kg ([ENCOUNTER_DATE])
Dosing Weight: 67 kg ([ENCOUNTER_DATE])
General: AAOX3, NAD, elderly average built male
HEENT: Anicteric sclera, MMM
Neck: Trachea midline, no JVD appreciated
CVS: RRR, normal S1/S2, no murmurs/rubs/gallops
Lung: CTAB, no wheezes/rhonchi/rales
Abd: Soft, NT/ND
Extrem: WWP, no LE edema ecchymosis to right forearm
Skin: Warm, Intact
Neuro: AAOX3, spontaneous movement of all extremities
Psych: Appropriate mood & affect

## Code Status

Code Status Ordered
-- [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 19:07:00 EDT, Full Code, Constant Order

Digitally Signed by [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

# Addendum by [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

I have personally seen, examined, and evaluated the patient on the encounter date. I have reviewed the fellow's documentation and agree with the
fellow's findings and plan as documented, unless otherwise stated.

<ocr_service_page_start>7<ocr_service_page_start>

Signs stable lungs clear heart sounds normal

Digitally Signed by [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 03:59 PM

<ocr_service_page_start>8<ocr_service_page_start>

Patient Documents - Web Mode  [PATIENT_NAME]   [DOB] (81 yo M)   Acc No. [ACCOUNT_NUMBER] :  [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] ADMIT HP  ASK EVA  ?

| [PATIENT_NAME],... 81 Y,M   INFO  HUB  [ ]

<  1/3  >  132%  [ ]  [ ]  [ ]  [ ]  [ ]  [ ] |

## Quick Search

| 2015/01/05 [PROVIDER_NAME]-
    2014/10/14 [PROVIDER_NAME]-
    2014/10/03 [PROVIDER_NAME]-
    2014/07/18 [PROVIDER_NAME]-
    2014/05/29 [PROVIDER_NAME]
    2014/04/18 [PROVIDER_NAME]-
    2014/03/06 [PROVIDER_NAME]-

    eCW P2P Documents(0)
    Forms Pending, Blank(0)
    Fax Inbox(0)
    Home Health/Palliative Care//H...
    Inpatient Records and ER(5)
        [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] IP SUMMARY
        [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] DC SUMMARY
        [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] ADMIT HP
        [ENCOUNTER_DATE] ED [FACILITY_NAME] NOTE
        [ENCOUNTER_DATE] ED [FACILITY_NAME] NOTE
    Insurance Denials, Misc. Forms...
    Lab Documents(10)
        [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] Auto Diff,
        [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] A1C, ABO/Rh
        [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] TROPHs
        [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] Auto Diff. |

Add Description

| Add Local   Options ▾   ⟳ |

# [FACILITY_NAME]

Patient Name [PATIENT_NAME]
MRN [MRN]
FIN [ACCOUNT_NUMBER]
DOB/Age/Sex [DOB]|80|M

[ADDRESS]

| Admit | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] | 3:49:00 | PM  |

| Attending | [PROVIDER_NAME] |
| Location  | CCU I 0360 I A |
# History and Physical

| Service Date/Time   | [SERVICE_DATE] 22:23                              |
| Result Status       | Corrected                                     |
| Perform Information | [PROVIDER_NAME] (5/24/2024 10:28:36 PM) |

| Sign Information                             | [PROVIDER_NAME] (5/27/2024 8:02:37 AM)       |
| [PROVIDER_NAME] (5/25/2024 8:15:12 AM) |                                              |
| Authentication Information                   | [PROVIDER_NAME] (5/25/2024 8:15:12 AM) |
# Date of Service

[ENCOUNTER_DATE]
# Chief Complaint
Electronic document received from [FACILITY_NAME] Dpt Rpts

# Assessment/Plan

Unstable angina  
CAD s/p PCI to proximal and stent

If content is not visible properly, please click here to view in external viewer

Scanned By:Lab, Interface On:[ENCOUNTER_DATE]



---


# Encounter 2

<ocr_service_page_start>9<ocr_service_page_start>

<page_9_image_2.jpg>

AULTMAN HOSPITAL  
[ADDRESS]  
[ADDRESS]

Patient Name [PATIENT_NAME]  
MRN [MRN]  
FIN [ACCOUNT_NUMBER]  
DOB/Age/Sex [DOB] I 80 M

Admit

[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 3:49:00 PM

Attending  
Location

[PROVIDER_NAME]  
CCU I 0360 A

# History and Physical

| Service Date/Time   | [SERVICE_DATE] 22:23                              |
| Result Status       | Corrected                                         |
| Perform Information | [PROVIDER_NAME] (5/24/2024 10:28:36 PM)           |

| Sign Information                             | [PROVIDER_NAME] (5/27/2024 8:02:37 AM)       |
| [PROVIDER_NAME] (5/25/2024 8:15:12 AM)       |                                              |
| Authentication Information                   | [PROVIDER_NAME] (5/25/2024 8:15:12 AM)       |
# Date of Service

[ENCOUNTER_DATE]

# Assessment/Plan

Unstable angina  
CAD s/p PCI to proximal and stent  
to instent restenosis of distal LAD  
2007  
Hypertension  
Hyperlipidemia  
History of prostate cancer  
w/external beam radiation therapy  
Mild-moderate MR  
Active tobacco use, chews tobacco  
daily for the last 10 years  
Family history of CAD, father  
passed away at age 66 due to MI  
Patient is currently chest pain-free,  
Start heparin infusion, aspirin,  
statin, Toprol XL 25qday. Plan for  
left heart cath for unstable angina.  
Obtain echocardiogram. Obtain  
A1c, TSH, lipid panel.

# Chief Complaint

pt states that he was at [FACILITY_NAME] for routine 12 month check  
up- when dr completed EKG that was found abnormal. pt was sent to  
the ED for further evaluation

## History of Present Illness

Patient is an 80-year-old gentleman, from home, lives with wife, with  
medical history significant for CAD status post PCI to proximal and  
distal in-stent restenosis of LAD in 2007, hypertension, dyslipidemia,  
history of prostate cancer with history of external beam radiation  
therapy, who presents as a direct admit from office due to chest pain  
for the last few days. Patient reports that he has been having  
exertional chest pain while walking which usually improves after  
sitting down and eventually resolves. Earlier today, patient says that  
he was trying to plant tomatoes in the garden when he started  
feeling chest pain that made him sit down multiple  
times, eventually the sensation passed in about 5 minutes after some  
rest, describes it as a very heavy weight on his chest, no  
radiation. EKG shows sinus rhythm, left bundle with multiple PVCs,  
prolonged PR interval, trop X 2 negative on admission. Patient is  
planned for left heart cath due to concern for unstable angina and  
possible obstructive CAD.

# Problem List/Past Medical

# History

## Ongoing

BMI 21.0-21.9, adult  
CAD IN NATIVE ARTERY  
Coronary Artery Disease  
DECREASED BMI (Renamed  
from UNDERWEIGHT)  
DYSLIPIDEMIA  
Encounter for follow-up  
examination after  
radiotherapy for malignant  
neoplasm  
ESSENTIAL  
HYPERTENSION

# ECHO Feb 2021  
# Summary:

1. Left ventricle: The cavity size is normal. Wall thickness is normal.  
Systolic function is normal. The estimated ejection  
fraction is 50-55%. Wall motion is normal; there are no regional wall  
motion abnormalities. Normal diastolic function.  
2. Ventricular septum: There is no evidence of a ventricular septal  
defect.  
3. Aortic valve: Thickening, consistent with sclerosis. There is mild  
regurgitation.  
4. Mitral valve: There is mild to moderate regurgitation.  
5. Right ventricle: Systolic pressure is mildly increased. The RV  
systolic pressure by Doppler is 42 mm Hg

<ocr_service_page_start>10<ocr_service_page_start>

# History and Physical

6. Tricuspid valve: There is mild-moderate regurgitation.
7. Right atrium: The estimated right atrial pressure is 3 mm Hg.

Last ischemic evaluation with Lexiscan stress test in oct 2018,
negative for ischemia

# Essential Hypertension

Essential mypertension
Gross hematuria
History of external beam
radiation therapy
History of prostate cancer-
Gleason Score 3+3=6
Adenocarcinoma diagnosed
[DOB] when PSA was
13.00; 39.3cc volume. 3/12
cores positive. IMRT
complete August 2014.
MITRAL REGURGITATION
PROSTATE CANCER-
Gleason Score 3+3=6
Adenocarcinoma diagnosed
[DOB] when PSA was
13.00; 39.3cc volume. 3/12
cores positive. IMRT
complete August 2014.
SMOKELESS TOBACCO USE

## Procedure/Surgical History

Echocardiogram: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
Biopsy of prostate: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
PTCA Percutaneous transluminal
coronary angioplasty: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
PTCA Percutaneous transluminal
coronary angioplasty: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

# Lexiscan scan Oct 2018

## IMPRESSION:

1. No evidence of ischemia or infarction.
2. Normal LV systolic function.
3. No change when compared to the prior study

# Cath June 2007

1. CORONARY ARTERIOGRAMS
Left Main Coronary Artery: No significant disease.
Left Anterior Descending Coronary Artery: There is a high-grade
lesion involving the left anterior descending proximally just beyond
the stent. This is 95% stenosed. There also is 50% in-stent re-
stenosis and also there is 60% disease just beyond the stented area.
Left Circumflex Coronary Artery: Mild diffuse disease.
Right Coronary Artery: Mild diffuse disease. This is dominant.
2. LEFT VENTRICULOGRAM: Ejection fraction is preserved, 60%.
3. INTERVENTION: The patient was given Heparin plus Integrilin. A
6-French L4 guide was used. A short Asahi was advanced down the
left anterior descending without difficulty. A 3.0x15 balloon was used
for dilatation at multiple sites. A 3.5x16 Taxus drug eluting was
deployed proximally. There was still haziness with stenosis distally
beyond the stent. Therefore, second stent was deployed there. This
was a 2.5x24 Taxus drug eluting. There also was significant inflation
worked on in the stent itself to re-dilate this with a 3.0 balloon. The
patient was given intracoronary Nitroglycerin. After this, final views
were taken with the wire pulled back. There was no significant
stenosis with excellent flow.

# Medications

## Home Medications (4) Active

aspirin 81 mg oral tablet,
chewable 81 mg = 1 tab(s),
Chewed, qDay
atorvastatin 80 mg oral tablet 80
mg = 1 tab(s), Oral, qDay
Blood Pressure Cuff See
# Instructions
ramipril 10 mg oral capsule 10 mg
= 1 cap(s), Oral, Daily

# DIAGNOSTIC IMPRESSIONS:

1. Successful angioplasty with stenting to the proximal left anterior
descending and distal left anterior descending. These stents all
overlapped.
2. Successful angioplasty alone to in-stent re-stenosis of the stented
area.
3. LV function is preserved at 60%.

# Allergies

NKA

# Review of Systems

12 point ROS negative unless mentioned in HPI

# Social History

Smoking Status [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
Patient smokes

Alcohol
Frequency: 1-2 times per week.,
[ENCOUNTER_DATE]
Substance Abuse
Use: Never., [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
Tobacco
Nicotine Use: uses chewing

# Physical Exam

Vitals and Measurements
T: 36.7 °C (Temporal Artery) HR: 68 (Monitored) RR: 17
BP: 148/72 SpO2: 96% WT: 67 kg
Weight
Dosing Weight: 67 kg ([ENCOUNTER_DATE])
Constitutional: Oriented to time, place, and person well developed
well nourished
Neck Thyroid not enlarged.

<ocr_service_page_start>11<ocr_service_page_start>

# History and Physical

Eyes: general /bilateral - extraocular Movement's normal - Pupils:
PERRLA
Ears: No discharge, external auditory meatus normal
Cardiovascular: JVD not elevated, S1 S2 present, No added sounds, no
lower extremity edema
Abdomen: Soft nontender
Musculoskeletal system: general/bilateral Normal movement of all
extremities
Neurological: N FND
Skin: color and pigmentation is normal

tobacco. Type: Oral (Snuff,
Chew)., [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

# Family History

Bladder cancer: Negative:
Mother, Father, Sister, Brother,
Daughter, Son and Grandparent.
Coronary artery disease: Father
and Brother.
Diabetes: Negative: Mother,
Father, Sister, Brother, Daughter,
Son and Grandparent.
Heart attack: Brother.
Heart disease: Father and
Grandparent.
Kidney stone: Negative: Mother,
Father, Sister, Brother, Daughter,
Son and Grandparent.
Prostate cancer: Brother.
Renal cancer: Negative: Mother,
Father, Sister, Brother, Daughter,
Son and Grandparent.

# Lab Results

[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 19:44

Protime: 11.5
PT International Ratio: 1.0

[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 18:02

| PT International Ratio: | 1.0 |

| Protime: 11.4       |      |
| Glucose Level:      | 87   |
| Sodium Level:       | 138  |
| Potassium Level:    | 4.7  |
| BUN: 15.0           |      |
| Creatinine Lvl (s): | 0.97 |
# Health Status Family

[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 16:36

WBC: 6.6
Hgb: 15.2
Hct: 44.2
Platelet: 220
Neutrophil %: 72.7

# Member(s)

## Immunizations

No qualifying data available.

# Code Status

Code Status - Ordered
-- [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 19:07:00 EDT, Full
Code, Constant Order

# EKG

ECG: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]: SINUS RHYTHM
VENTRICULAR BIGEMINY
BORDERLINE PROLONGED PR INTERVAL
LEFT BUNDLE BRANCH BLOCK

Electronic Signature: [PROVIDER_NAME] DO [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 17:05:04

Digitally Signed by [PROVIDER_NAME] MD on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 08:15 AM

Addendum by [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 8:02:37 AM

Patient was seen and examined at bedside on the date the note was created unless specified. Agree with the note and findings as detailed
in note as above. I personally reviewed the pertinent labs, performed physical examination, reviewed pertinent previous cardiology test results.
Cardiology service will continue to follow up on the patient.

Digitally Signed by [PROVIDER_NAME] MD on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 08:02 AM

Page 3 of 3



---


# Encounter 3

<ocr_service_page_start>12<ocr_service_page_start>

12/17/24, 2:59 PM

Print Preview

[PATIENT_NAME] DOB: [DOB] (80 yo M) Acc No. [ACCOUNT_NUMBER] DOS: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

[PATIENT_NAME]

<page_12_image_3.jpg>

80 Y old Male, DOB: [DOB]
Account Number: [ACCOUNT_NUMBER]
[ADDRESS]
Home: [PHONE]
Guarantor: [PATIENT_NAME] Insurance: ANTHEM
MEDICARE
Appointment Facility: [FACILITY_NAME]

[ENCOUNTER_DATE]

INPATIENT FOLLOW-UP: [PROVIDER_NAME]

## Reason for Appointment

1. Aultman- unstable angina
2. Rj 3

# History of Present Illness

## Interim History:

Transition of Care Inpatient

ransition 01 care impauent
Name of the Hospital Aultman Hospital
Transition from inpatient hospitalization
Transition to home (own)
Admission Date [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
30 Day Readmission no
Number of In Patient Admissions in last 12 months. O
Discharge Date [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
Discharge summary report received yes Per Ault records on [ENCOUNTER_DATE]: Hospital Course80-year-old male with past
medical history of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, CAD status post PCI with stents to RCA and LAD inthe 2000's, mild to
moderate MR, history of tobacco abuse, familyhistory of CAD, and history of prostate cancer was directly admittedfrom
cardiology office due to complaints of chest pain in theoutpatient setting concerning for unstable angina. Patient wasadmitted
under the cardiology service. Patient underwenttransthoracic echocardiogram done during stay which showed LVEF of6o to
65% with no wall motion abnormality. Hospital coursecomplicated by ventricular tachycardia for which patient was startedon
amiodarone. Patient then underwent left cardiac catheterizationduring stay which showed patent RCA stent with severe in-
stentrestenosis of the LAD patient underwent PCI with DES to LAD x 2.Patient was optimized on goal-directed medical therapy
during stay. Patient now stable and will be discharged home with medications asprescribed. Patient follow-up primary care
physician and cardiologistoutpatient.
Date discharge summary was received: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
Final Discharge Diagnoses Received yes Discharge DiagnosisAtherosclerotic heart disease of native coronary artery with
unstable angina pectoris Hyperlipidemia, unspecifiedNonrheumatic mitral (valve) insufficiency Nicotine dependence, chewing
tobacco, uncomplicatedPersonal history of malignant neoplasm of prostate Personal history of irradiation Abnormal EKG
Post-discharge other consultation/followup yes 1. cardiologist-[PROVIDER_NAME] When: In 1 week2.
[PROVIDER_NAME] When:[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 01:30 PM
Results pending or testing ordered post-discharge none
Discharged with home care or ancillary therapy: yes Aultman Hospital Cardiac Rehab
Does the patient have a Care Manager? No
Assistance needed with ADL's: yes
Oral Nutritional supplements given inpatient or prescribed homegoing no
Attempted Outreach Yes
Initial Contact Date [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
Initial Contact within 2 business days of discharge yes
Initial Contact Person professional caregiver
Initial Contact Method in-office provider visit
Appointment Scheduled Yes
Date of Scheduled Appointment [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
Days from discharge to initial face-to-face visit 5

<ocr_service_page_start>13<ocr_service_page_start>

Initial face-to-face visit type office visit  
Reconciliation of Medication Completed Yes  
Discharge medication reconciliation:  
Medications reconciled: current and discharge- Resume prior chronic meds  
Discharge records:  
Record: reviewed by provider  

# Current Medications

## Taking

Amiodarone HCl 200 MG Tablet 1 tablet Orally Once a day  
Aspirin 81 MG Tablet Delayed Release 1 tab(s) orally once a day  
Atorvastatin Calcium 80 MG Tablet 1 tablet Orally Once a day  
Isosorbide Mononitrate ER 30 MG Tablet Extended Release 24 Hour 1 tablet in the morning Orally Once a day  
Metoprolol Succinate ER 25 MG Tablet Extended Release 24 Hour 1 tablet Orally Once a day  
Ticagrelor 90 MG Tablet 1 tablet Orally Twice a day  

## Discontinued

Altace(Ramipril) 10 MG Capsule 1 cap(s) orally once a day  
Lipitor(Atorvastatin Calcium) 80 MG Tablet 1 tab(s) orally once a day (at bedtime)  
Medication List reviewed and reconciled with the patient  

# Medical History

CAD with hx of 2 stents; [PROVIDER_NAME].  
Hypertension.  
Smokeless tobacco user.  
Hyperlipidemia.  
echo [ENCOUNTER_DATE]: mod/severe mitral regurg with MVP.  
prostate cancer, treated with radiation; [PROVIDER_NAME].  

# Surgical History

coronary artery stent placement x 2 2007  
TEE 07/2014  
prostate biopsy 2014  
ECHO TTE-EF 60-65% [ENCOUNTER_DATE]  
HEART CATH-Heavily calcified ISR of prior LAD stent - s/p PCI with DES after IVL. [ENCOUNTER_DATE]  

# Family History

Father: deceased, CAD, diagnosed with CAD  
Mother: deceased 82 yrs  
Paternal Grand Father: deceased, CAD, diagnosed with CAD  
Paternal uncle: deceased, CAD, diagnosed with CAD  
3 brother(s) 2 sister(s) - healthy. 3 son(s) - healthy.  

# Social History

## General:

Nicotine/Tobacco: Assessed  
Additional Findings: Tobacco User Chews tobacco  
Tobacco use detail: yes, chew tobacco.  
Alcohol use detail: yes, 1-2 beers a day now and a little it of whiskey.  
Marital Status: married.  
Occupation/Occ Exposure: retired.  
Children: 3.  
Home smoke detectors  
Use: Yes  
no.  

# Hospitalization/Major Diagnostic Procedure

Ault-Atherosclerotic heart disease of native coronary artery with unstable angina pectoris [ENCOUNTER_DATE]  

# Progress Note: [PROVIDER_NAME] [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

<ocr_service_page_start>14<ocr_service_page_start>

# Review of Systems

## CONSTITUTIONAL:

no Fever. no Chills.

## CARDIOLOGY:

no Chest Pain or angina. no Shortness of Breath.

# Vital Signs

Temp: 97.6, HR: 48, RR: 16, BP: 108/68, Ht: 70.3, Wt: 154.6, Wt change: 1.2 lbs, BMI: 21.99.

# Examination

## General Examination:

General Appearance: NAD, alert and oriented, well appearing.
Heart/cardiovascular: normal rate and regular rhythm, no murmurs.
Lungs: clear to auscultation bilaterally, normal effort, no wheezes/rhonchi/rales, regular breathing rate and effort.

# Assessments

1. Coronary artery disease involving native coronary artery of native heart with angina pectoris - I25.119 (Primary)
2. Stented coronary artery - Z95.5
3. Ventricular tachycardia - I47.20
4. Encounter for examination following treatment at hospital - Zo9
5. BMI 21.0-21.9, adult - Z68.21

# Treatment

1. Coronary artery disease involving native coronary artery of native heart with angina pectoris
Continue Ticagrelor Tablet, 90 MG, 1 tablet, Orally, Twice a day
Continue Metoprolol Succinate ER Tablet Extended Release 24 Hour, 25 MG, 1 tablet, Orally, Once a day
Continue Isosorbide Mononitrate ER Tablet Extended Release 24 Hour, 30 MG, 1 tablet in the morning, Orally, Once a day
Continue Atorvastatin Calcium Tablet, 80 MG, 1 tablet, Orally, Once a day
Continue Aspirin Tablet Delayed Release, 81 MG, 1 tab(s), orally, once a day

# 2. Ventricular tachycardia

Continue Amiodarone HCl Tablet, 200 MG, 1 tablet, Orally, Once a day

## 3. Others

Notes: doing well, no chest pain or dyspnea, no complications. taking meds as prescribed

# Visit Codes

99496 Transitn of care 1-7 d.

# Procedure Codes

1111F Med Reconcilation after discharge
3008F BMI Documented

# Follow Up

as scheduled

# Care Plan Details

# Vitals

HR ((min)) 48

<ocr_service_page_start>15<ocr_service_page_start>

<page_15_image_4.jpg>

Electronically signed by [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] at 06:56 PM EDT

Sign off status: Completed

[FACILITY_NAME]
[ADDRESS]
Tel: [PHONE]
Fax: [PHONE]

Progress Note: [PROVIDER_NAME] [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

Note generated by eClinicalWorks EMR/PM Software (www.eClinicalWorks.com)

4/4