# Cover Page

<ocr_service_page_start>1<ocr_service_page_start>

| [PATIENT_NAME]  (F)  DOB:  [DOB] (60 years)  Weight:  180.00 lb (81.65 Kg)  ...  Alerts     Allergies 0     Problems ?     Diagnoses 2                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| Address:        [ADDRESS]
    Contact:        [PHONE]

    Pt. Insurance:  Anthem Carelon
    Preferred Name: [INSURANCE_ID]
    Pref. Language: Spanish

    CCC/CMG Shared:
    Empaneled:      Y ([PROVIDER_NAME] NP, Crist...

    PCP:            [PROVIDER_NAME]
    Referring:
    Rendering:      HIE, Document... |
OBGYN Details  Dashboard  Patient  PHI Log  ❖ Sticky Note  ❖ Referring Provider  ❖ HIPAA  ◆ Advance Directives  ❖

[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 03:07 AM "DS 3" 612 X 792 - 24 BPP
X

F T 1 of 7 141.99%

Discharge Summary signed by [PROVIDER_NAME] at [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 2216

| Author: | [PROVIDER_NAME]             | Service: Kidney  | Transplant    | Author  | Type:  | Physician |
| Filed:  | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 2216       | Date of Service: | [SERVICE_DATE] 1328 | Status: | Signed |           |
| Editor: | [PROVIDER_NAME] (Physician) |                  |               |         |        |           |
Related Notes: Original Note by [PROVIDER_NAME] (Nurse Practitioner) filed at [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 1515

Kidney Transplant Discharge Summary

# Patient ID:

[PATIENT_NAME] is a 59 y.o. female with past medical history of End stage renal disease secondary to
Diabetic nephropathy and Hypertensive nephropathy s/p DDKT on 12/23/23 with Dr. Bratton. Post-transplant
course complicated by c-diff infection, recurrent uti, e-coli bacteremia.

# Admit Date:

[ENCOUNTER_DATE]

## Discharge Date:

[ENCOUNTER_DATE]

Discharge Physician: [PROVIDER_NAME]

## Principal Diagnosis: Anuria and oliguria

## Secondary Diagnosis:

## Active Hospital Problems

| Diagnosis                  Date Noted
  [x] E. coli UTI             [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
  [x] Hypocalcemia            [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
PDF 612 X 792 (24BPP) 9c252536-43a3-4e4f-a888-31c7ade773aa



---


# Encounter 1

<ocr_service_page_start>2<ocr_service_page_start>

Discharge Summary signed by [PROVIDER_NAME] at [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

Author: [PROVIDER_NAME] Service: Kidney Transplant Author Type: Physician
Filed: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] Date of Service: [SERVICE_DATE] Status: Signed
Editor: [PROVIDER_NAME] (Physician)
Related Notes: Original Note by [PROVIDER_NAME] (Nurse Practitioner) filed at [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

# Kidney Transplant Discharge Summary

# Patient ID:

[PATIENT_NAME] is a 59 y.o. female with past medical history of End stage renal disease secondary to
Diabetic nephropathy and Hypertensive nephropathy s/p DDKT on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] with [PROVIDER_NAME]. Post-transplant
course complicated by c-diff infection, recurrent uti, e-coli bacteremia.

# Admit Date:

[ENCOUNTER_DATE]

# Discharge Date:

[ENCOUNTER_DATE]

# Discharge Physician: [PROVIDER_NAME]

## Principal Diagnosis: Anuria and oliguria

# Secondary Diagnosis:

## Active Hospital Problems

| Diagnosis                                                | Date Noted |
| E. coli UTI                                              | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
| Hypocalcemia                                             | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
| Immunosuppression due to drug therapy (HCC)              | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
| Need for prophylactic antibiotic                         | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
| Hyperglycemia                                            | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
| Therapeutic drug monitoring                              | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
| Aftercare following organ transplant                     | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
| Hypertension secondary to other renal disorders          | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
| 0 mismatch Kidney transplant status, cadaveric [ENCOUNTER_DATE] | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
| Need for prophylactic immunotherapy                      | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
| Hypomagnesemia                                           | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
| DM (diabetes mellitus), type 2 with complications (HCC)  | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
# Resolved Hospital Problems

| Diagnosis                           | Date Noted | Date Resolved |
| Anuria and oliguria                 | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] | [ENCOUNTER_DATE]    |
| Oliguria                            | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] | [ENCOUNTER_DATE]    |
| H/O Clostridium difficile infection | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] | [ENCOUNTER_DATE]    |
| Acidosis                            | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] | [ENCOUNTER_DATE]    |
| Hyponatremia                        | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] | [ENCOUNTER_DATE]    |
| Kidney transplant recipient         | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] | [ENCOUNTER_DATE]    |
# Hospital Course:

Patient is a 59 y.o. year old female with a past medical history of ESRD 2/2 hypertensive nephropathy and
diabetic nephropathy 2/2 DDKT on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] with [PROVIDER_NAME], presenting to the ED today with anuria, nausea,
and vomiting. Post-transplant course complicated by recurrent uti, e-coli bacteremia, C.diff infection from [ENCOUNTER_DATE]-
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] and wound infection requiring vac placement (removed [ENCOUNTER_DATE]). She was readmitted from [ENCOUNTER_DATE]-
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] for AKI, severe hyperglycemia (BG 662), and E.coli bacteremia and metapneumovirus. She was discharged to
home on PO vanc due to her prior C.diff infection and Vantin to cover E.coli, both courses of which she
finished.

<ocr_service_page_start>3<ocr_service_page_start>

Patient represented to [FACILITY_NAME] ED on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] for 4 day history of n/v, fatigue, constipation, fevers (t-max 101F). Comprehensive infectious workup was performed with negative cultures, however urine culture from [ENCOUNTER_DATE] grew > 100k multidrug resistant e-coli. Patient also reported oliguria on admission with scr of 1.4 which has improved to scr of 0.9 and continues to make urine. Since admission, patient has been receiving Ceftriaxone with improvement in symptoms. Patient will be discharged on 10 day course of Keflex and Oral vanco for c-diff prophylaxis, given her prior history of C-diff. Constipation has also resolved and patient has been having regular bowel movements.

Of note, patient was hypocalcemic with iCa of 0.64 for which patient received IV and PO calcium supplementation and will be discharged on os-cal tabs.

Since admission, patient remained hemodynamically stable. Transplant Nephrology was consulted on admission and continued to follow patient throughout this hospitalization. Renal allograft function and electrolytes were monitored closely, and the latter were replaced as necessary. Maintenance immunosuppression, transplant prophylaxis, and home medications were resumed accordingly.

Today she is stable for hospital discharge to Home with close outpatient follow up. Kidney allograft function is improving. UOP 1650 mL over last 24 hours, with sCr 0.9 on day of discharge. Pain is well controlled on oral pain medications. Patient is tolerating a solid Diabetic diet, has regular bowel function, and is ambulating without assistance. She will need follow up at the Transplant Institute on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] with labs to be drawn earlier that morning prior to the clinic appointment.

Spoke with patient at bedside on day of discharge, who was updated on hospitalization/clinical course, plan for discharge today, discharge medication changes (as will be listed in AVS and on MedActionPlan), and subsequent follow-up plan and instructions (as detailed above).

# Inpatient Consults:

nephrology and infectious disease

Outpatient Referrals: Transplant Institute

# Patient Condition at Discharge Condition: stable

# Discharge Exam:

General appearance: Alert, appears stated age and cooperative, A/O X 4.  
Head: Normocephalic, without obvious abnormality, atraumatic.  
Eyes: Conjunctivae normal and sclerae anicteric bilaterally.  
Neck: Supple, symmetrical, trachea midline.  
Lungs: Normal respiratory effort on room air.  
Heart: RRR  
Abdomen: Soft, non-distended, and nontender. Surgical incision to RLQ well healed  
Genitourinary: Voiding  
Extremities: L AVF present with palpable thrill.  
Skin: Skin color, texture, turgor normal. No rashes or lesions.  
Neurologic: Grossly normal.

<ocr_service_page_start>4<ocr_service_page_start>

# Recent Labs

|            | 06/05/24 0440 | 06/06/24 0415 |
| WBC        | 6.39          | 4.45*         |
| HGB        | 10.7          | 9.3*          |
| PLT        | 287           | 254           |
| NA         | 128*          | 135           |
| K          | 4.9           | 3.6           |
| CL         | 94*           | 103           |
| CO2        | 22*           | 22*           |
| BUN        | 26*           | 22*           |
| CREATININE | 1.1           | 0.9           |
| CA         | 2.1           | 1.7*          |
| MG         | 0.8           | 0.9           |
| PHOS       | 1.2           | 0.9           |
# Recent Labs

| Lab     | 06/06/24 0307 | 06/06/24 0415 | 06/06/24 0755 | 06/06/24 1201 |
| GLUCOSE | 185*          | 180*          | 192*          | 146*          |
# Recent Labs

|           | 06/04/24 1108 | 06/05/24 0009 |
| AST       | 17            | 16            |
| ALT       | 12            | 11            |
| ALKPHOS   | 83            | 73            |
| TOTALBILI | 0.5           | 0.3           |
# Recent Labs

|     | 06/04/24 1410 |
| PTT | 31.1          |
| INR | 1.0           |
# Recent Labs

| Lab        | 06/05/24 0440 | 06/06/24 0415 |
| TACROLIMUS | 4.3           | 7.7           |
Discharge Disposition: Home

## Information Provided to Patient:

Teaching provided by RN, and transplant surgery team

# Discharge Medications:

# Medication List

START taking these medications

<ocr_service_page_start>5<ocr_service_page_start>

calcium carbonate 200 mg calcium (500 mg) chewable tablet
Commonly known as: TUMS
Instructions: Take 2 tablets (1,000 mg total) by mouth daily at noon.
Dose: 2 tablet

# cefdinir 300 MG capsule

Commonly known as: OMNICEF
Instructions: Take 1 capsule (300 mg total) by mouth 2 (two) times daily for 12 days.
Dose: 300 mg
# CHANGE how you take these medications

## magnesium oxide 400 mg tablet

Commonly known as: MAG-OX
Instructions: Take 1 tablet (400 mg total) by mouth 2 (two) times daily.

Dose: 400 mg

## What changed:

how much to take
how to take this
when to take this
additional instructions

CONTINUE taking these medications

## acetaminophen 500 MG tablet

Commonly known as: TYLENOL
Instructions: Take 500 mg by mouth every 6 (six) hours as needed for Mild Pain 1-3.
Dose: 500 mg

piooa pressure monitor KIt
Instructions: Use as directed

blood sugar diagnostic Strp strips
Instructions: Use to test blood glucose 3 times daily

# blood-glucose meter Misc

Instructions: Use machine as directed to test blood glucose

# carvediloL 25 MG tablet

Commonly known as: COREG
Instructions: Take 1 tablet (25 mg total) by mouth 2 (two) times daily with meals. Hold for SBP <
120 or HR <60
Dose: 25 mg

# docusate sodium 100 MG capsule

Commonly known as: COLACE
Instructions: Take 1 capsule (100 mg total) by mouth 2 (two) times daily as needed.
Dose: 100 mg

famotidine 20 MG tablet

Commonly known as: PEPCID
Instructions: Take 1 tablet (20 mg total) by mouth daily.
Dose: 20 mg

<ocr_service_page_start>6<ocr_service_page_start>

insulin glargine 100 unit/mL (3 mL) injection  
Commonly known as: LANTUS SOLOSTAR  
Instructions: Inject 0.25 mLs (25 Units total) into the skin every evening at bedtime.  
Dose: 25 Units  

insulin lispro 100 unit/mL Inpn injection  
Commonly known as: HumaLOG, ADMELOG  
Instructions: 6 units plus SS TID with meals: 151-200 = 2 units 201-250 = 4 units 251-300 = 6  
units 301-350 = 8 units >350 = 10 units  

# lancets Misc

Instructions: Use to collect blood sample 3 times daily  

Commonly known as: CELLCEPT  
Instructions: Take 1 tablet (500 mg total) by mouth 2 (two) times daily.  
Dose: 500 mg  

pen needle, diabetic 32 gauge X 5/32" Ndle  
Instructions: Use to inject insulin as directed  

# predniSONE 5 MG tablet

Commonly known as: DELTASONE  
Instructions: Take 1 tablet (5 mg total) by mouth daily.  
Dose: 5 mg  

sodium bicarbonate 650 MG tablet  
Instructions: Take 1 tablet (650 mg total) by mouth 2 (two) times daily.  
Dose: 650 mg  

## sulfamethoxazole-trimethoprim 800-160 mg per tablet

Commonly known as: BACTRIM DS or SEPTRA DS  
Instructions: Take 1 tablet by mouth Every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.  
Dose: 1 tablet  

# tacrolimus 1 MG capsule

Commonly known as: PROGRAF  
Instructions: Take 1 capsule (1 mg total) by mouth 2 (two) times daily before meals.  
Dose: 1 mg  

# STOP taking these medications

## valGANciclovir 450 mg tablet

Commonly known as: VALCYTE  

# Where to Get Your Medications

These medications were sent to [FACILITY_NAME] - [ADDRESS] -  
[ADDRESS]  

[ADDRESS]  

Phone: [PHONE]  
calcium carbonate 200 mg calcium (500 mg) chewable tablet

<ocr_service_page_start>7<ocr_service_page_start>

cefdinir 300 MG capsule

Information about where to get these medications is not yet available

## Ask your nurse or doctor about these medications

magnesium oxide 400 mg tablet

# Patient Instructions:

- Take your medications as prescribed.
- May shower, no soaking in tubs/pools.
- Keep wound clean and dry.
- Monitor for signs of incisional/wound infection, such as redness, swelling, warmth, increased tenderness, or
new oozing/drainage of surrounding staples/incision/drain site.
- No lifting or pushing over 10 lbs for 3 months to prevent abdominal incision hernias.
- No driving for three weeks after surgery or while taking narcotics.
- You should walk as much as you can after your transplant. Then, start incorporating more physical activity
into your daily life, including participating in at least 30 minutes of moderate exercise five days a week.
- No sexual activity until cleared by physician in clinic.
- Regular diet, no concentrated sweets
- Please stay hydrated by drinking at least 2 L of water and other fluids each day.
- Avoid eating fast food, processed food, and foods high in unhealthy fats such as saturated fats in butter and
red meat.
- Follow food safety practices to reduce risk of infection.
- Limit your salt and sodium intake.
- Limit your caffeine intake and avoid alcohol.
- Avoid grapefruit and grapefruit juice, pomegranate and Seville oranges due to their effects on a group of
immunosuppressive medications (Prograf).
- Do not take NSAIDs, such as Ibuprofen, Naproxen, etc. (unless directed by your physician).
- Check your blood sugar 4 times daily before meals and at bedtime.
- Please record the following and bring to clinic: fluid intake, urine output, drain output, blood sugar, and blood
pressure.
- Return to the Emergency Department if you develop fevers over 100.4 F, increasing incisional pain, redness,
swelling, discharge, marked decrease in urine output, inability to tolerate food or drink, or overall worsening
condition.
- For non-urgent concerns, please call the Transplant Institute.
Main line: [PHONE]
Post kidney triage line: [PHONE] X 33748
After hours line: [PHONE]

# Follow Up Appointments:

1. Please follow up in clinic at the Transplant Institute on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] at 08:00 AM. Have your labs drawn at the
Faculty Medical Clinics (FMC) at 06:30-07:00 AM prior to your appointment. Do not eat or take your Prograf
before having your labs drawn. You may take your medications/Prograf after your labs are drawn.

# Heart Failure Patient? No

## Discharged on Warfarin? No

# Advance Care Plan

Patient has advance directive,copy not in chart,Patient/Caregiver asked to bring in copy to be placed in chart

Information Provided on Healthcare Directives: No

<ocr_service_page_start>8<ocr_service_page_start>

Healthcare Agent Appointed: Yes

# Plan for Follow-up Care

I saw and evaluated the patient on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] with [PROVIDER_NAME]. The Physician and I had face-to-face
contact with the patient. I personally spent 35 minutes performing these elements of the visit: Preparing to see
the patient (e.g., review of tests)., Obtaining and/or reviewing separately obtained history., Performing a
medically appropriate examination and/or evaluation., Counseling and educating the patient, family, and/or
caregiver., Ordering medications, tests, or procedures., Referring and communicating with other health care
professionals (when not separately reported)., Documenting clinical information in the electronic or other health
record., and Independently interpreting results (not separately reported) and communicating results to the
patient, family, and/or caregiver.

[PROVIDER_NAME]
Transplant Surgery, pager 5688
[ENCOUNTER_DATE]
2:42 PM

TRANSPLANT SURGERY ATTENDING ADDEDNUM:

I have read this discharge summary and I agree with the content and the note.

<ocr_service_page_start>9<ocr_service_page_start>

[PATIENT_NAME]  (F)  DOB:  [DOB] (60 years)  Weight:  180.00 lb (81.65 Kg)  ...  Alerts  Allergies 0  Probl ?  Dx 256

Address:        [ADDRESS]                  Pt. Insurance:  [INSURANCE_ID]
                [ADDRESS]              Preferred Name:  [INSURANCE_ID]
Contact:        [PHONE] ...              Pref. Language:  Spanish
                                                  CCC/CMG Shared:
                                                  Empaneled:      Y ([PROVIDER_NAME] NP, Cris...
                                                  PCP:            [PROVIDER_NAME]
                                                  Referring:
                                                  Rendering:      HIE, Docum...

OBGYN  Dashboard  Patient  PHI Log  ✧ Sticky Note  ✧ Ref. Provider  ✧ HIPAA  ◆ Adv. Directives  ✧ Screening Sum

[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 11:08 AM "HP 1" 612 X 792 - 24 BPP X

F T 1 of 8 134.64%

# <

H&P signed by [PROVIDER_NAME] at [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 1847

Author: [PROVIDER_NAME] Service: Kidney Transplant Author Type: Resident
Filed: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 1847 Date of Service: [SERVICE_DATE] 1649 Status: Cosign Needed
Editor: [PROVIDER_NAME] (Resident) Cosign Required: Yes

# Kidney Transplant History & Physical

Admission Date and Time: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 10:53 AM
Attending Provider: [PROVIDER_NAME]

# CHIEF COMPLAINT
Fever, oliguria/anuria, nausea, vomiting

HPI: Patient is a 59 y.o. year old female with a past medical history of ESRD 2/2 hypertensive nephropathy and
diabetic nephropathy 2/2 DDKT on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] with [PROVIDER_NAME], presenting to the ED today with anuria, nausea,
and vomiting. Post-transplant course complicated by C.diff infection from [ENCOUNTER_DATE] and wound infection
requiring vac placement (removed [ENCOUNTER_DATE]). She was readmitted from [ENCOUNTER_DATE] for AKI, severe
hyperglycemia (BG 662), and E.coli bacteremia and metapneumovirus. She was discharged to home on PO
vanc due to her prior C.diff infection and Vantin to cover E.coli, both courses of which she finished.
Patient currently presents with 4 days of oliguria, nausea, vomiting, and subjective fevers at home. She states
she was unable to keep anything down except Tylenol, and even water can trigger her nausea. She had only
urinated "a small amount" over the first 3 days and did not urinate at all over the past 24 hours.
She also endorses flu-like symptoms and notes her granddaughter had recently been sick. She denies chest
pain, palpitations, SOB, cough, abdominal pain, constipation, or diarrhea. She denies dysuria or hematuria.

<ocr_service_page_start>10<ocr_service_page_start>

Kidney Transplant History & Physical

Admission Date and Time: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 10:53 AM  
Attending Provider: [PROVIDER_NAME]

# CHIEF COMPLAINT  
Fever, oliguria/anuria, nausea, vomiting

HPI: Patient is a 59 y.o. year old female with a past medical history of ESRD 2/2 hypertensive nephropathy and diabetic nephropathy 2/2 DDKT on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] with [PROVIDER_NAME], presenting to the ED today with anuria, nausea, and vomiting. Post-transplant course complicated by C.diff infection from [ENCOUNTER_DATE] and wound infection requiring vac placement (removed [ENCOUNTER_DATE]). She was readmitted from [ENCOUNTER_DATE] for AKI, severe hyperglycemia (BG 662), and E.coli bacteremia and metapneumovirus. She was discharged to home on PO vanc due to her prior C.diff infection and Vantin to cover E.coli, both courses of which she finished.  
Patient currently presents with 4 days of oliguria, nausea, vomiting, and subjective fevers at home. She states she was unable to keep anything down except Tylenol, and even water can trigger her nausea. She had only urinated "a small amount" over the first 3 days and did not urinate at all over the past 24 hours.  
She also endorses flu-like symptoms and notes her granddaughter had recently been sick. She denies chest pain, palpitations, SOB, cough, abdominal pain, constipation, or diarrhea. She denies dysuria or hematuria.  
Currently taking Prograf 1 mg 1 and 1 BID, prednisone 5 mg QD, and Cellcept 500 mg BID. For infection prophylaxis she takes Bactrim 800-160 MWF and Valcyte 450mg QD. She states she has been compliant with all of her medications but missed them during the past 4 days due to vomiting them up.

# PAST MEDICAL HISTORY

## Past Medical History:

| Diagnosis               | Date |
| Chronic kidney disease  |      |
| Diabetes mellitus (HCC) |      |
| Dialysis patient (HCC)  |      |
| Hypertension            |      |

# PAST SURGICAL HISTORY

## Past Surgical History:

| Procedure                                                                                    | Laterality             | Date                                         |
| AV FISTULA PLACEMENT                                                                         | Left                   |                                              |
| EXAM AND                                                                                     |                        | [ENCOUNTER_DATE]                             |
| PREPARATION,                                                                                 |                        |                                              |
| DONOR ORGAN,                                                                                 |                        |                                              |
| BACKBENCH,                                                                                   |                        |                                              |
| BEFORE                                                                                       |                        |                                              |
| TRANSPLANT                                                                                   |                        |                                              |
| Procedure: EXAMINATION, TRANSPLANT, WITH Surgeon: [PROVIDER_NAME]; Service: Transplant;;     | DONOR BACKBENCH F, MD; | ORGAN, BEFORE PREPARATION; Location: MC MAIN |
| EYE SURGERY                                                                                  | Left                   | 2019                                         |
| TRANSPLANT,                                                                                  | N/A                    | [ENCOUNTER_DATE]                             |

| KIDNEY, DECEASED |

<ocr_service_page_start>11<ocr_service_page_start>

# DONOR

Procedure: TRANSPLANT, KIDNEY, DECEASED
DONOR; Surgeon: [PROVIDER_NAME]; Location:
[ADDRESS]; Service: Transplant; Laterality: N/A;

# HOME MEDICATIONS

No current facility-administered medications on file prior to encounter.

# Current Outpatient Medications on File Prior to Encounter

| Medication                                                      | Sig                                                                                                                     | Dispense  | Refill |
| acetaminophen (TYLENOL) 500 MG tablet                           | Take 500 mg by mouth every 6 (six) hours as needed for Mild Pain 1-3.                                                   |           |        |
| blood pressure monitor Kit                                      | Use as directed                                                                                                         | 1 each    | 0      |
| blood sugar diagnostic Strp strips                              | Use to test blood glucose 3 times daily                                                                                 | 300 strip | 3      |
| blood-glucose meter Misc                                        | Use machine as directed to test blood glucose                                                                           | 1 each    | 1      |
| carvediloL (COREG) 25 MG tablet                                 | Take 1 tablet (25 mg total) by mouth 2 (two) times daily with meals. Hold for SBP < 120 or HR <60                       | 60 tablet | 5      |
| cefPODOXime (VANTIN) 200 MG tablet                              | Take 1 tablet (200 mg total) by mouth 2 (two) times daily. End date 5/25 (Patient not taking: Reported on [ENCOUNTER_DATE])    | 20 tablet | 0      |
| docusate sodium (COLACE) 100 MG capsule                         | Take 1 capsule (100 mg total) by mouth 2 (two) times daily as needed.                                                   |           |        |
| famotidine (PEPCID) 20 MG tablet                                | Take 1 tablet (20 mg total) by mouth daily. (Patient not taking: Reported on [ENCOUNTER_DATE])                                 | 30 tablet | 11     |
| insulin glargine (LANTUS SOLOSTAR) 100 unit/mL (3 mL) injection | Inject 0.25 mLs (25 Units total) into the skin every evening at bedtime.                                                |           |        |
| insulin lispro PEN (HUMALOG, ADMELOG) 100 unit/mL injection     | 6 units plus SS TID with meals: 151-200 = 2 units 201-250 = 4 units 251-300 = 6 units 301-350 = 8 units >350 = 10 units |           |        |
| lancets Misc                                                    | Use to collect blood sample 3 times daily                                                                               | 300 each  | 3      |
| magnesium oxide (MAG-OX) 400 mg tablet                          | ON HOLD do not take at this time. (Patient not taking: Reported on [ENCOUNTER_DATE])                                           |           |        |
| mycophenolate (CELLCEPT) 500 mg tablet                          | Take 1 tablet (500 mg total) by mouth 2 (two) times daily.                                                              | 60 tablet | 11     |

<ocr_service_page_start>12<ocr_service_page_start>

| pen needle, diabetic 32 gauge X 5/32" Ndle                                    | Use to inject insulin as directed                                                                       | 200 each    | 11  |
| predniSONE (DELTASONE) 5 MG tablet                                            | Take 1 tablet (5 mg total) by mouth daily.                                                              |             |     |
| sodium bicarbonate 650 MG tablet                                              | Take 1 tablet (650 mg total) by mouth 2 (two) times daily.                                              | 60 tablet   | 5   |
| sulfamethoxazole-trimethoprim (BACTRIM DS or SEPTRA DS) 800-160 mg per tablet | Take 1 tablet by mouth Every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.                                             | 13 tablet   | 11  |
| tacrolimus (PROGRAF) 1 MG capsule                                             | Take 1 capsule (1 mg total) by mouth 2 (two) times daily before meals.                                  | 120 capsule | 11  |
| valGANciclovir (VALCYTE) 450 mg tablet                                        | TAKE ONE TABLET BY MOUTH DAILY                                                                          | 30 each     | 6   |
| vancomycin (VANCOCIN) 125 MG capsule                                          | Take 1 capsule (125 mg total) by mouth daily. End date [ENCOUNTER_DATE] (Patient not taking: Reported on [ENCOUNTER_DATE]) | 10 capsule  | 0   |
# ALLERGIES

| Allergen  | Reactions           |
| Pineapple | Shortness Of Breath |
# SOCIAL HISTORY
# Social History

## Socioeconomic History

| Marital status:          | Single      |
| Spouse name:             | Not on file |
| Number of children:      | Not on file |
| Years of education:      | Not on file |
| Highest education level: | Not on file |
## Occupational History

Not on file

## Tobacco Use

| Smoking status:    | Never |
| Smokeless tobacco: | Never |
## Vaping Use

| Vaping status:                | Never Used    |
| Substance and Sexual Activity |               |
| Alcohol use:                  | Never         |
| Drug use:                     | Never         |
| Sexual activity:              | Not Currently |
| Other Topics                  | Concern       |
| Not on file                   |               |
# Social History Narrative

Not on file

# Social Determinants of Health

Financial Resource Strain: Low Risk ([ENCOUNTER_DATE])

<ocr_service_page_start>13<ocr_service_page_start>

Overall Financial Resource Strain (CARDIA)

Difficulty of Paying Living Expenses: Not hard at all

Food Insecurity: No Food Insecurity ([ENCOUNTER_DATE])

Hunger Vital Sign

Worried About Running Out of Food in the Last Year: Never true

Ran Out of Food in the Last Year: Never true

Transportation Needs: No Transportation Needs ([ENCOUNTER_DATE])

PRAPARE - Transportation

Lack of Transportation (Medical): No
Lack of Transportation (Non-Medical): No

Physical Activity: Not on file

Stress: Not on file

Social Connections: Unknown ([ENCOUNTER_DATE])

WPHS Social Connections

How often do you have someone you trust whom you can talk with about your problems, your
worries. or vourself?: Not on file

Intimate Partner Violence: Not At Risk ([ENCOUNTER_DATE])

Humiliation, Afraid, Rape, and Kick questionnaire

Fear of Current or Ex-Partner: No
Emotionally Abused: No
Physically Abused: No
Sexually Abused: No

Housing Stability: Low Risk ([ENCOUNTER_DATE])

Housing Stability Vital Sign

Unable to Pay for Housing in the Last Year: No
Number of Places Lived in the Last Year: 1
I Instable Housing in the I ast Year: No

# FAMILY HISTORY

## Family History

| Problem           | Relation | Name          | Age of Onset |
| No Known Problems | Mother   |               |              |
| No Known Problems | Father   |               |              |
| No Known Problems | Sister   | [PATIENT_NAME] |              |
# REVIEW OF SYSTEMS

History obtained from the patient and daughter with use of a Spanish interpreter.
Please see HPI for pertinent positives and negatives.

# LABS

<ocr_service_page_start>14<ocr_service_page_start>

# Recent Labs

|            | 06/04/24 1108 |
| WBC        | 7.23          |
| HGB        | 11.5          |
| PLT        | 296           |
| NA         | 126*          |
| K          | 5.1*          |
| CL         | 91*           |
| CO2        | 18*           |
| BUN        | 27*           |
| CREATININE | 1.4*          |
| CA         | 2.2           |
# Recent Labs

| Lab     | 06/04/24 1108 |
| GLUCOSE | 310*          |
# Recent Labs

| [Empty] | 06/04/24 |
| [Empty] |          |

|           | 1108 |
| AST       | 17   |
| ALT       | 12   |
| ALKPHOS   | 83   |
| TOTALBILI | 0.5  |
# Recent Labs

| [Empty] | 06/04/24 |
| [Empty] |          |

|     | 1410 |
| PTT | 31.1 |
| INR | 1.0  |
# INTAKE/OUTPUT

No intake/output data recorded.

# PHYSICAL EXAM

|              | 06/04/24 1056            | 06/04/24 1321     |
| BP:          | (!) 153/75               | 133/68            |
| BP Location: | Right Upper Arm          | Right Upper Arm   |
| BP Patient   | Sitting                  | Sitting           |
| Position:    |                          |                   |
| Pulse:       | (!) 98                   | (!) 99            |
| Resp:        | 18                       | 18                |
| Temp:        | (!) 101 °F (38.3 °C)     | 98.4 °F (36.9 °C) |
| TempSrc:     |                          | Temporal          |
| SpO2:        | 94%                      | 98%               |
| Weight:      | 73.9 kg (162 lb 14.7 oz) |                   |
| Height:      | 1.524 m (5')             |                   |
Temp (24hrs), Avg:99.7 °F (37.6 °C), Min:98.4 °F (36.9 °C), Max:101 °F (38.3 °C)

General appearance: Alert, appears stated age and cooperative, A/O x 4
Head: Normocephalic, without obvious abnormality, atraumatic

<ocr_service_page_start>15<ocr_service_page_start>

Eyes: EOMi. Conjunctivae and sclerae within normal limits.  
Neck: Supple, symmetrical, trachea midline  
Lungs: Clear to auscultation bilaterally, no wheezes or crackles noted. Normal respiratory effort on room air.  
Heart: Regular rate and rhythm. S1, S2 normal.  
Abdomen: Soft, non-tender, non-distended. Bowel sounds normal. Surgical incision to RLQ from renal transplant with mature scar.  
Extremities: Extremities normal, atraumatic. 2+ pitting edema from knees distally  
Pulses: 2+ and symmetric to all extremities  
Skin: Warm and dry. Texture, turgor normal. No rashes or lesions.  
Neurologic: Grossly normal.  

IMAGING: CT Abdomen And Pelvis Wo Con  

Result Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]  

Result Date. [ENCOUNTER_DATE]  
CT ABDOMEN AND PELVIS WO CON (74176)[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 4:07 PM HISTORY:[AGE] years old Female being evaluated for Sepsis, history of kidney transplant COMPARISON: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] PROCEDURE: Helical CT images were obtained of the abdomen and pelvis without intravenous contrast. Sagittal and coronal reconstructions are provided. ORAL CONTRAST: None. ADDITIONAL IMAGES / REFORMATS: None TOTAL RADIATION DOSE: CTDIvol: 15 mGy DLP: 860 mGy X cm FINDINGS: LOWER CHEST: Mild coronary artery calcifications are noted. Scattered calcified granuloma. Bibasilar atelectasis. LIVER: Normal. GALLBLADDER AND BILIARY TREE: No calcified gallstones. Normal caliber wall. No intra- or extrahepatic biliary ductal dilation. PANCREAS: Normal. SPLEEN: Similar-appearing subcentimeter hypodense splenic lesion. The spleen is slightly enlarged measuring 14 cm. BOWEL: Scattered diverticulosis with no evidence of diverticulitis. Postsurgical changes related to appendectomy is noted. ADRENALS: Normal. KIDNEYS AND URETER: There is similar-appearing atrophy of bilateral native kidneys with similar-appearing nonobstructive renal calculi. There is a right lower quadrant renal transplant with no hydronephrosis or peritransplant fluid collection. BLADDER: Normal. REPRODUCTIVE ORGANS: Normal. LYMPH NODES:No lymphadenopathy. PERITONEUM: No ascites or free air. No other fluid collection. VESSELS: Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the abdominal aorta and branch vessels are noted. RETROPERITONEUM: Normal. ABDOMINAL WALL: Unchanged soft tissue thickening along the surgical incision in the right anterolateral abdominal wall. Scattered soft tissue nodule seen within the abdominal wall, which may be related to injections. BONES: Scattered degenerative changes of the osseous structures are noted. IMPRESSION: Right lower quadrant transplant kidney with no evidence of hydronephrosis or peritransplant fluid collection. Diverticulosis with no evidence of diverticulitis. Splenomegaly. Other chronic findings as above. DICTATED: [PROVIDER_NAME] Reviewed Images Personally and Agree With Interpretation, as currently edited. Electronically SIGNED / Radiologist [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 4:25 PM  

US Scan/Eval Transp Kid W/Doppler  

# Result Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]  

US SCAN/EVAL TRANSP KID W/DOPPLER (76776) [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 3:41 PM HISTORY: [AGE] years-old Female being evaluated for anuria. COMPARISON: Ultrasound [ENCOUNTER_DATE], CT abdomen/pelvis [ENCOUNTER_DATE] TECHNIQUE: Transverse and longitudinal grayscale and color and spectral Doppler sonographic images were obtained of the renal transplant and bladder. FINDINGS: Renal Transplant: Location: Right lower abdominal quadrant Size: 10.9 cm Echogenicity: Normal Hydronephrosis: None Peritransplant Fluid Collections: None Intrarenal Resistive Indices (normal 0.45-0.75): Upper Pole: 71% Mid Pole: 71% Lower Pole: 69% Peak Systolic Velocity (normal <250 cm/s): Hilum: 237 cm/s Mid: 312 cm/s Anastomosis: 754 cm/s Main Renal Vein: Patent with a normal waveform. External lliac Artery: Patent with a normal waveform. External Iliac Vein: Patent with a normal waveform. Perfusion:

<ocr_service_page_start>16<ocr_service_page_start>

Diffuse cortical cutback. Bladder: Normal IMPRESSION: Elevated peak systolic velocity of the main
renal artery at the anastomosis and midportion, which may suggest renal artery stenosis. Diffuse
cortical cutback of the perfusion, may be related to the above-described renal artery stenosis and/or
parenchymal dysfunction. DICTATED: [PROVIDER_NAME] Reviewed Images Personally and Agree
With Interpretation, as currently edited. Electronically SIGNED / Radiologist [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
3:47 PM

ASSESSMENT: Patient is a 59 y.o. year old female with past medical history of ESRD 2/2 hypertensive
nephropathy and diabetic nephropathy 2/2 DDKT on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] with [PROVIDER_NAME], with post-recovery course c/b
C.diff infection and wound infection ([ENCOUNTER_DATE]) and recent admission for AKI, DKA, and E.coli bacteremia and
metapneumovirus, presenting with anuria/oliguria, nausea, vomiting, and fever and missed medication doses
due to vomiting.

The patient's low UOP is most likely due to dehydration from gastroenteritis. At this time we cannot exclude
CMV as a potential cause of her symptoms. She also presents with hyperglycemia and acidosis requiring
correction. Renal artery stenosis was also detected on recent ultrasound which is likely not contributing to her
current presentation.

# PLAN:

- Admit to Transplant service
- Discontinue ceftriaxone
- Check UA and Ucx
- Initiate sodium bicarb gtt at 100 cc/hr, keep on until tomorrow AM pending repeat CMP
- Initiate home insulin:

- Lantus 25u QHS
- Humalog 6u AC

- SSI with accuchecks and hypoglycemia protocol ACHS

Check CMV labs

- CMV
- EBV
- BK

- Zofran or nausea

- OK to stop trending lactate
- Repeat CMP at midnight
- Strict I&O

Daily CBC with differential, BMP, mag, phos, FK506

- Immunosuppression:

- Hold Cellcept 500 mg BID
- Continue Prograf 1 mg 1 and 1 BII
- Continue prednisone 5 mg QD

- Prophylaxis: prophylaxis

Continue Bactrim 800-160 MWF
Continue Valcyte 450mg QD.

- Resume other home meds:
- Coreg 25mg BID

- Sodium bicarbonate 650mg BID

- Holding Mag-Ox due to nausea

- Diabetic diet with restricted potassium, no concentrated sweets

Patient was discussed with senior fellow [PROVIDER_NAME] and attending [PROVIDER_NAME], with whom the plan was
formulated.

<ocr_service_page_start>17<ocr_service_page_start>

[PROVIDER_NAME]
Resident Physician, PGY-1
[EMAIL] I Pager 0509
Department of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery

Name: [PATIENT_NAME] DOB: [DOB] Date: 06

Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]