<ocr_service_page_start>1<ocr_service_page_start>

04/06/24

16:26:46 PHS

18883715402 4

[FACILITY_NAME] Page 004

CSN:

Printed: 4/6/24 4:23 PM

# Discharge Info

## (From admission, onward)

| Start         |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Ordered       |
| 04/05/24 1356 | Discharge patient Once Comments: DISCHARGE HOME IN DAUGHTERS CARE, KEEP ON PUREE DIET, DO NOT PLACE DENTURES UNTIL SWELLING IN MOUTH HAS RESOLVED, FOLLOW UP WITH PCP WITHIN ONE WEEK Expected Discharge Date: 04/05/24 Expected Discharge Time: Midday Discharge Disposition: Home or Self Care | 04/05/24 1355 |
# Discharge Summary Notes

## Discharge Summary by [PROVIDER_NAME] at [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 2:06 PM

Author: [PROVIDER_NAME] Service: Internal Medicine Author Type: Physician Assistant
Filed: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 2:17 PM Date of Service: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 2:06 PM Status: Attested
Editor: [PROVIDER_NAME] (Physician Assistant)
Related Notes: Original Note by [PROVIDER_NAME] (Physician Assistant) filed at [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 2:15 PM
Cosigner: [PROVIDER_NAME] at [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 3:38 PM

## Attestation signed by [PROVIDER_NAME] at [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 3:38 PM

Evaluated
Chart reviewed
Case discussed with team
Agree with plan

Name: [PATIENT_NAME]
DOB: [DOB]
Age: 91 y.o.
Sex: female
PCP: PROVIDER NOT IN
SYSTEM, MD

Discharge Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

# Discharge Summary

MRN: [MRN]
Acct: [ACCOUNT_NUMBER]
Admit Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 11:20 AM
Attending: [PROVIDER_NAME]
Location: [FACILITY_NAME]

Admitting Physician: [PROVIDER_NAME]
Length of Stay: 3

# Discharge Diagnoses:

Acute encephalopathy
Posterior pharyngitis
Hypothyroidism
Hypertension

<ocr_service_page_start>2<ocr_service_page_start>

# Discharge Summary Notes (continued)

## Discharge Summary by [PROVIDER_NAME], PA at [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 2:06 PM (continued)

Hypercholesterolemia  
Advanced dementia  
Dehydration  
Constipation  
Anemia  
History of hip fracture  
DNR

# Hospital Course:

[PATIENT_NAME] is a 91 y.o. female with a past medical history significant for anxiety, dementia, hypothyroidism, dysphagia, generalized weakness, GERD, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, encephalopathy, and recent UTI as well as hip fracture 7 years ago presented to [FACILITY_NAME]'s emergency department from [FACILITY_NAME] nursing facility due to altered mental status.

Patient is largely obtunded at the time of my exam she is protecting her airway and will withdraw from pain however unable to participate in exam and anyway much of the information was gleaned from past medical records discussion with the ER physician as well as daughter. Daughter indicates that her mother has lived with her for the last 2 years until her hospitalization at [FACILITY_NAME] she indicates that she was sent to [FACILITY_NAME] Hospital for possible UTI for which she underwent antibiotic treatment and was sent to [FACILITY_NAME] to complete antibiotic treatment and PT. Daughter indicated that she is largely been challenged with mobility for the last 7 to 8 years ago since a hip fracture. She denies any other no changes in daily activity or medication that might of exacerbated that she states that reportedly her mother was awake alert and at her baseline yesterday. Her baseline is alert and oriented by 2.

ER course

Initial labs significant for sodium 138, potassium 4.0, BUN 26.0, creatinine 1.43, lactic acid 1.3, troponin 40, white blood cell count 8.0, hemoglobin 10.8

UA ordered however pending at this time

Abdominal CT indicates significant constipation

Enema ordered in the emergency room has not been given yet

ER discussed with daughter regarding CODE STATUS I also personally discussed with daughter regarding CODE STATUS she is confirmed DNR.

Patient will be admitted to a MedSurg setting for further evaluation and treatment

Discussed at length with daughter over the phone they are within the differential is possible CVA given the acute change in mental status will order head CT however given her age and comorbidities treatment will be limited. Daughter verbalized understanding.

Patient continued on fluids, antibiotics, patients mental status improved and she became alert and responsive, she was still confused due to her dementia but at her normal mental status per daughter, patient noted to have swelling of upper palate and posterior pharynx which improved with antibiotic and steroids, patient started on puree diet which she tolerated, patient seen by physical therapy and speech therapist, patient recommended to return to skilled nursing facility but patients daughter [PATIENT_NAME] declined and wanted patient discharged in her care, case management spoke with daughter and offered home health but she declined, daughter stated she has been taking care of her mother for past 2 years and has all equipment at home, social worker made aware, patients vital signs were stable, daughter was told to keep patient on puree diet and not to place her dentures

<ocr_service_page_start>3<ocr_service_page_start>

in until swelling has resolved, she was told to have patient follow up with her pcp then cleared for discharge

# Select Labs (last 7 days):

# Select Laws (last , uays).
ABG
Anemia

# CBC

# Results from last 7 days

| Lab            | Units    | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0904 | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 1202 |
| WBC AUTO       | 10*3/uL  | 15.30*        | 8.00          |
| RBC AUTO       | 10*6/uL  | 3.30*         | 3.73*         |
| HEMOGLOBIN     | g/dL     | 9.5*          | 10.8*         |
| HEMATOCRIT     | %        | 29.0*         | 32.8*         |
| MCV            | fL       | 87.7          | 87.9          |
| MCH            | pg       | 28.9          | 28.9          |
| MCHC           | g/dL --- | 32.9*         | 32.9*         |
| RDW            | %        | 17.6*         | 17.7*         |
| PLATELETS AUTO | 10*3/uL  | 414           | 415           |
# CMP

# Results from last 7 days

| Lab                        | Units          | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0904 | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 1208 | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 1207 |
| SODIUM                     | mmol/L         | 139           | 138           | --            |
| POTASSIUM                  | mmol/L         | 3.7           | 4.0           | --            |
| CHLORIDE                   | mmol/L         | 105           | 101           | -             |
| CO2                        | mmol/L         | 23.4          | 27.5          | --            |
| BUN                        | mg/dL          | 22.0          | 26.0*         | --            |
| CREATININE                 | mg/dL          | 1.17*         | 1.43*         | --            |
| BUN / CREAT RATIO          |                | --            | 18.2          | --            |
| GLOMERULAR FILTRATION RATE | mL/min/1.73m*2 | 44.1*         | 34.7*         | --            |
| AST                        | U/L            | -             | 41*           | I             |
| ALT                        | U/L            | --            | 11            | -             |
| ALK PHOS                   | U/L            | --            | 63            | I             |
| ALBUMIN                    | g/dL           | :             | 2.5*          | --            |
| GLOBULIN                   | gm/dL          | --            | 3.9           | -             |
| BILIRUBIN TOTAL            | mg/dL          | --            | 0.4           | --            |
| CALCIUM UA                 | mg/dL          | 8.1*          | 8.6           | -             |
| LACTATE                    | mmol/L         | :             | -             | 1.3           |
# Results from last 7 days

| Lab     | Units | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0904 | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 1208 |
| GLUCOSE | mg/dL | 123           | 82            |
# Cardiac

Page 4 of 9

<ocr_service_page_start>4<ocr_service_page_start>

## Results from last 7 days

| Lab           | Units | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
| HS TROPONIN I | ng/L  | 40               |
# Coagulation

## Results from last 7 days

| Lab     | Unlts   | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
| PROTIME | seconds | 11.2             |
| INR     |         | 1.02             |
# Miscellaneous

## Results from last 7 days

| Lab | Units  | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
| TSH | ulU/mL | 7.267*           |
# Urine

## Results from last 7 days

| Lab             | Units | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
| COLOR UA        |       | Amber*           |
| CLARITY UA      |       | Light Turbidity* |
| SPEC GRAV UA    |       | 1.030            |
| PH UA           |       | 5.0              |
| LEUKOCYTES UA   |       | 2+*              |
| NITRITE UA      |       | Positive*        |
| PROTEIN UA      |       | 1+*              |
| GLUCOSE UA      |       | Negative         |
| UROBILINOGEN UA | mg/dL | Normal           |
| BILIRUBIN UA    |       | 2+*              |
| BLOOD UA        |       | Trace*           |
| KETONES UA      |       | Negative         |
| RBC UA          | /HPF  | 0-2 Rare         |
| WBC UA          | /HPF  | 6-15 Few*        |
| BACTERIA UA     | /HPF  | 10-30 Moderate*  |
# Micro

| Date       | Value | Ref Range | Status |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE] | (AA)  |           | Final  |

| Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolated     |      |       |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE]                                         | (AA) | Final |
| Heavy Growth Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus aureus |      |       |
| Urine Culture   |                                |           |             |
| Date            | Value                          | Ref Range | Status      |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE] | (A)                            |           | Preliminary |
| >100,000 CFU/mL | Gram negative rods, ID and AST | to follow |             |

<ocr_service_page_start>5<ocr_service_page_start>

CT Head without Contrast |

# Result Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

Non-enhanced CT scan of the Head. CLINICAL INDICATION: Evaluation for
stroke TECHNIQUE: Dose lowering techniques have been used including made

of exposure control and adjustment of the Ma and/or KV according tothe =
patient's size. 5 mm contiguous axial sections were obtained through the head |

without the use of intravenous contrast. Total DLP,576,CTDI:36 ss”
COMPARISON: No prior CT scans are currently available. FINDINGS: The |

ventricular system and cerebral sulci are within normal limits. No supratentorial
mass lesions are detected, and no shift of the midline structures is noted. No

acute extra-axial collections are identified. No acute attenuation abnormalities are
observed in the cerebral hemispheres. The cerebellum appears satisfactory. __

Posterior fossa structures are intact, as visualized. No acute intracranial
hemorrhage is detected. There Is opacification of the left ethmoidal air cells and —

the sphenoid sinuses. Also noted is bilateral opacification of the mastoid air cells.
The mastoid complexes appear unremarkable. No skullfractureisseen.

No CT evidence of acute stroke or hemorrhage. Opacification of the paranasal
sinuses and mastoids, as described. Please correlate for sinusitis/mastoiditis. _

X-ray Chest 1 View.

[Result Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

AGoUIL vale. tercuct ae Ua a is & es oe
Chest radiograph, one view CLINICAL INDICATION: Chest pain, Shortness of

<ocr_service_page_start>6<ocr_service_page_start>

gallbladder and biliary ducts are within normal limits. The kidneys are also within
normal limits. The adrenal glands are unremarkable. The stomach, loops of small
bowel, terminal ileum, appendix, and urinary bladder are grossly unremarkable.
There is large stool burden throughout the colon, and also within rectum causing
rectal distention measuring 8 cm in diameter. There is minimal perirectal soft
tissue stranding. Also noted is mucosal thickening of the proximal ascending
colon and the cecum No significant retroperitoneal mesenteric adenopathy or
free intraperitoneal fluid or air is seen. On the review of bone windows, no focal
aggressive appearing osseous lesions are identified. Multilevel discogenic
degenerative changes and facet arthrosis of the lower lumbar spine is noted.
Patient is status post right shoulder arthroplasty.

1. Large stool burden throughout the colon and rectum, related to underlying
constipation. Please correlate for possible fecal impaction. 2. Mucosal thickening
of the proximal ascending colon and the cecum. An underlying colonic cancer
cannot be excluded. Further evaluation with colonoscopy is recommended, as
indicated clinically. 3. Aneurysmal dilatation of the ascending thoracic aorta
measuring 4.6 cm.

# Discharge Disposition:

Home or Self Care

# Activity:

As tolerated

# Diet:

Puree diet with assistance and aspiration precautions

# Meds:

# Medication List

## START taking these medications

levoFLOXacin 250 MG tablet
Commonly known as: LEVAQUIN
Take 1 tablet (250 mg total) by mouth daily for 7 days
Start taking on: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

## phenol 1.4 %

Commonly known as: CHLORASEPTIC
Apply 1 spray to the mouth or throat every 2 (two) hours while awake for 30 days

## CONTINUE taking these medications

<ocr_service_page_start>7<ocr_service_page_start>

amLODIPine 2.5 MG tablet  
Commonly known as: NORVASC  
Take 1 tablet (2.5 mg total) by mouth daily for 30 days

docusate sodium 100 MG capsule

Commonly known as: COLACE  
Take 1 tablet/capsule (100 mg total) by mouth 2 (two) times a day for 30 days

escitalopram 20 MG tablet

Commonly known as: LEXAPRO  
Take 1 tablet (20 mg total) by mouth daily for 30 days

[ADDRESS]

# levothyroxine 50 MCG tablet

Commonly known as: SYNTHROID, LEVOTHROID  
Take 1 tablet (50 mcg total) by mouth every morning before breakfast for 30 days

pantoprazole 40 MG tablet

Commonly known as: PROTONIX  
Take 1 tablet (40 mg total) by mouth daily for 30 days

# STOP taking these medications

atorvastatin 40 MG tablet

Commonly known as: LIPITOR

buPROPion SR 150 MG 12 hr tablet  
Commonly known as: WELLBUTRIN SR

meloxicam 7.5 MG tablet  
Commonly known as: MOBIC

# Where to Get Your Medications

These medications were sent to [FACILITY_NAME]  
Pharmacy, Inc. - Tucson, AZ - [ADDRESS]

Phone: [PHONE]

amLODIPine 2.5 MG tablet  
docusate sodium 100 MG capsule  
escitalopram 20 MG tablet  
levothyroxine 50 MCG tablet  
pantoprazole 40 MG tablet  
phenol 1.4 %

## Information about where to get these medications is not yet available

## Ask your nurse or doctor about these medications

levoFLOXacin 250 MG tablet

<ocr_service_page_start>8<ocr_service_page_start>

## Discharge:

## Follow up:

[PROVIDER_NAME]
[ENCOUNTER_DATE][RK.1]

with pcp within one week

home, daughter declined home health

# Attribution Key

RK.1 - [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 2:06 PM

[PATIENT_NAME] (MR # [MRN]) Printed at [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 4:23 PM

Page 9 of 9

Name: [PATIENT_NAME]

DOB: [DOB]

Date: