# Encounter 1

<ocr_service_page_start>1<ocr_service_page_start>

[PATIENT_NAME] (M) DOB: [DOB] (82 years) Weight: 116.00 lb (52.62 Kg)

Alerts 4  Allergies 0  Problems ?  Diagnosis 329  Medications 15  Appointments 4
# Lab Results

| Dashboard  Patient  PHI Log  Sticky Note  Referring Provider  HIPAA  Advance Directives  Screening Summary

[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 01:27 PM "D/C Summary  Date Of Service ([SERVICE_DATE]" 612 [x] 792 - 24 BPP  [x] |

I'm unable to process or describe the content of the image.

. y 200% % 1 of 9

[ENCOUNTER_DATE], 9:56 AM

EpicCare Link

[PROVIDER_NAME]
[ADDRESS]

[PATIENT_NAME]
MRN: [MRN], DOB: [DOB], Sex: M
Adm: [ENCOUNTER_DATE], D/C: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

# Discharge Summaries

## Discharge Summary by [PROVIDER_NAME] at [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0751

Author: [PROVIDER_NAME] Service: Internal Medicine Author Type: Physician
Filed: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0753 Date of Service: [SERVICE_DATE] 0751 Creation Time: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0751
Status: Signed Editor: [PROVIDER_NAME] (Physician)

Editor: [PROVIDER_NAME] (Physician)
[PROVIDER_NAME]

[PROVIDER_NAME]
# Discharge Summary

PATIENT NAME: [PATIENT_NAME]

DOB: [DOB]

DATE OF ADMISSION: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

DISCHARGE DATE: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

PRIMARY CARE PHYSICIAN: [PROVIDER_NAME]
CONSULTANTS: Neurology, neurointerventional radiology

# DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES:
# Active Problems:
Toxic metabolic encephalopathy
Acute metabolic/toxic encephalopathy
Dysphagia resolved
Parkinson's disease
Cognitive impairment
End-stage renal disease
Hypertension
Diarrhea

# LABS:

# Recent Labs

|     | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0645 | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0821 |
| WBC | 7.70          | 8.61          |
| HGB | 11.5*         | 11.1*         |
| HCT | 35.2*         | 34.0*         |
# Recent Labs

|         | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0615 | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0637 | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0645 |
| NA      | 141           | 134           | 131 *         |
| CL      | 99            | 102           | 100           |
| CO2     | 31            | 22            | 22            |
| BUN     | 55            | 80 *          | 54 *          |
| CREA    | 5.91 *        | 7.22          | 5.67          |
| CALCIUM | 9.2           | 8.8           | 8.5           |

<ocr_service_page_start>2<ocr_service_page_start>

# Discharge Summaries

## Discharge Summary by [PROVIDER_NAME] at [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0751

Author: [PROVIDER_NAME] Service: Internal Medicine Author Type: Physician
Filed: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0753 Date of Service: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0751 Creation Time: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0751
Status: Signed Editor: [PROVIDER_NAME] (Physician)

[FACILITY_NAME]
# Discharge Summary

PATIENT NAME: [PATIENT_NAME]

DOB: [DOB]

DATE OF ADMISSION: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

DISCHARGE DATE: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

# PRIMARY CARE PHYSICIAN: [PROVIDER_NAME]

CONSULTANTS: Neurology, neurointerventional radiology

# DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES:
# Active Problems:
Toxic metabolic encephalopathy
Acute metabolic/toxic encephalopathy
Dysphagia resolved
Parkinson's disease
Cognitive impairment
End-stage renal disease
Hypertension
Diarrhea

# LABS:

# Recent Labs

|     | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0645 | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0821 |
| WBC | 7.70          | 8.61          |
| HGB | 11.5*         | 11.1*         |
| HCT | 35.2*         | 34.0*         |
# Recent Labs

|         | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0615 | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0637 | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0645 |
| NA      | 141           | 134*          | 131*          |
| CL      | 99            | 102           | 100           |
| CO2     | 31            | 22            | 22            |
| BUN     | 55*           | 80*           | 54*           |
| CREA    | 5.91*         | 7.22*         | 5.67*         |
| CALCIUM | 9.2           | 8.8           | 8.5*          |

<ocr_service_page_start>3<ocr_service_page_start>

Invalid input(s): "TROPONINI"

# STUDIES:

XR Hip Right 2-3 Views

# Result Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

PROCEDURE: XR Hip. CLINICAL INDICATION: pain TECHNIQUE: AP and frog lateral
views of the right hip were performed. COMPARISON: FINDINGS: There is normal
mineralization and alignment. No fracture or osseous lesion is identified. There are no
significant degenerative changes in the hip. The soft tissues are unremarkable. There is
vascular calcification noted. RPTAT: AA IMPRESSION - No gross acute fracture noted.
Limited visualization of the right femoral neck due to patient positioning. If there is a high
suspicion for possible fracture, MRI is recommended. Dictated by: [PROVIDER_NAME]
on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 18:39 Electronically signed by: [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 18:39

MRI Brain wo Contrast

Result Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
PROCEDURE: MR Brain without contrast. CLINICAL INDICATION: Neurologic deficit.
TECHNIQUE: Multiplanar, multisequence, MR imaging of the brain was performed without
contrast. COMPARISON: CT stroke code imaging performed [ENCOUNTER_DATE]. FINDINGS:
There is no focus of parenchymal diffusion restriction to suggest acute infarction. There are
mild subcortical and periventricular foci of white matter T2/FLAIR hyperintensity; these are
nonspecific but most likely reflect chronic microvascular white matter ischemic changes.
There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage. There is no extra-axial fluid collection. Overall,
sulcal and cisternal spaces are preserved. There is no hydrocephalus, midline shift, or
significant mass effect. There is mild sulcal and ventricular prominence most suggestive of
global cerebral parenchymal volume loss. There is no destructive osseous lesion. There
has been prior bilateral cataract surgery. The visualized paranasal sinuses are clear.
IMPRESSION - 1. There is no acute infarction, acute intracranial hemorrhage,
hydrocephalus, or midline shift. 2. There are mild chronic microvascular white matter
ischemic changes with mild global cerebral parenchymal volume loss. Further findings as
detailed above. RPTAT: BBCC Dictated by: [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 14:07
Electronically signed by: [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 14:07

VAS Carotid Duplex Bilateral

Result Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

[FACILITY_NAME] FLORES Center MRN#
[MRN] Study Date [ENCOUNTER_DATE] Date of [DOB] Referring
provider [PROVIDER_NAME] Birth Age 81 Sonographer [PROVIDER_NAME]
Gender Male Interpreting SCMSC provider [PROVIDER_NAME] Conclusions Summary No hemodynamically significant lesion
identified in either carotid artery. Normal flow velocity and waveform in the vertebral artery
bilaterally. Signature Electronically
signed by [PROVIDER_NAME] ID(Interpreting physician) on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 04:01 PM
Procedure Type of Study: Cerebral Carotid,
VAS CAROTID DUPLEX BILATERAL. Study Description: Bilateral CCA, BULB and ICA and
left Subclavian calcified plaques. Left AVF. Velocities are measured in cm/s ; Diameters are
measured in mm; VCT in sec Carotid Right Measurements + + + +

<ocr_service_page_start>4<ocr_service_page_start>

+ !Location !PSV !EDV !Angle %Stenosis
!Tortuosity + + !Prox CCA
!78.95 !11.14 !60 +
+ !Dist CCA !51.22 !6.15 !60 +
+ !Prox ICA !49 !6.15 !60
+ !Mid ICA !68.78 !6.15
!60 + +
!Dist ICA !74.27 !9.45 !60 +
+ !Prox ECA !104.35 !O !60
+ + !Vertebral !76.47 !10.55 !60
+ +
!Subclavian !139.74 !O +
+ There is antegrade vertebral flow noted on the right side
Right Carotid ICAPSV/CCAPSV 0.9.ICAEDV/CCAEDV 0.8. Carotid Left Measurements
+ !Location !PSV !EDV
!Angle !%Stenosis !Tortuosity +
+ !Prox CCA !124 !7 !60
+ !Dist CCA !88.5 !9.66 !60
+ + !Prox ICA !68.46 !3.75
!60 +
!Mid ICA !81.4 !6.34 !60 +
+ !Dist ICA !91.76 !7.64 !60
+ !Prox ECA !106.24 !O !60
+ + + !Vertebral
!54.23 !O !60 +
+ !Subclavian !228.59 !69.47 !60
+ There is antegrade vertebral flow noted on
-

the left side - Left Carotid:ICAPSV/CCAPSV 1.ICAEDV/CCAEDV 0.8.

CT Angio Head Neck Acute Stroke

Result Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

PROCEDURE: CTA Neck and Head with contrast. CLINICAL INDICATION: Neurologic
deficit. TECHNIQUE: A CTA of the neck and head was obtained with 1 mm axial images
after the administration of 60 mL of Isovue-370 intravenously. Sagittal and coronal
reformations and MIPs were provided. The administered radiation dose was CTDI vol =
14.57 mGy, DLP = 594.3 mGy-cm. One or more of the following dose reduction techniques
were used: Automated exposure control; Adjustment of the mA and/or kV according to
patient size; or Use of iterative reconstruction technique. DICOM images are available.
COMPARISON: Concurrent CT head and CT perfusion examinations. FINDINGS: CTA
Neck: There is no evidence of arterial dissection or pseudoaneurysm of the extracranial
carotid or vertebral arteries. Visualized Thoracic Aorta: Normal in caliber. There is a normal
branching configuration. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications at the origins of the
major vessels arising from the aortic arch. Right common carotid artery: The visualized
aspects are patent without evidence of significant stenosis. Right internal carotid artery:
The visualized aspects are patent without evidence of significant stenosis. Right external
carotid artery: The visualized aspects are patent without evidence of significant stenosis.
Left common carotid artery: The visualized aspects are patent without evidence of
significant stenosis. Left internal carotid artery: The visualized aspects are patent without
evidence of significant stenosis. Left external carotid artery: The visualized aspects are
patent without evidence of significant stenosis. Vertebral arteries: The visualized aspects
are patent bilaterally without evidence of significant stenosis. Vertebral artery dominance:

<ocr_service_page_start>5<ocr_service_page_start>

There is a right dominant vertebrobasilar system. NASCET Criteria: Mild Stenosis is 0-
49%; Moderate Stenosis is 50-69%; Severe Stenosis is 70-99% CTA Head: Intracranial
carotid arteries: The visualized aspects are patent bilaterally without evidence of significant
stenosis. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications at the bilateral
cavernous/supraclinoid internal carotid arteries. Anterior cerebral arteries: The visualized
aspects are patent bilaterally without evidence of significant stenosis. Middle cerebral
arteries: The visualized aspects are patent bilaterally without evidence of significant
stenosis. Posterior cerebral arteries: The visualized aspects are patent bilaterally without
evidence of significant stenosis. Vertebral arteries: The visualized aspects are patent
bilaterally. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications at the intradural right vertebral artery.
The nondominant left vertebral artery partially terminates at PICA, of normal anatomic
variation. Vertebral artery dominance: There is a right dominant vertebrobasilar system.
Basilar artery: The visualized aspects are patent without evidence of significant stenosis.
Aneurysm: There is a 5 X 4 mm anteriorly projecting saccular aneurysm at the region of the
anterior communicating artery on series 6, image 234. Venous sinuses: Patent. Other:
There is no acute fracture of the visualized osseous structures. There is no significant
lymphadenopathy by CT size criteria. IMPRESSION 1. There is no large vessel occlusion.
2. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications at the bilateral cavernous/supraclinoid
internal carotid arteries. 3. There is a 5 X 4 mm anteriorly projecting saccular aneurysm at
the region of the anterior communicating artery. 4. There is no evidence of significant
stenosis of the extracranial carotid arteries using NASCET criteria. Further findings as
detailed above. Notification: These findings were discussed by myself, [PROVIDER_NAME],
over telephone with [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] at 01:31 P.M. PST, with readback
confirmation. RPTAT: AA Dictated by: [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 13:46
Electronically signed by: [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 13:46

XR Chest AP Portable

Result Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

PROCEDURE: XR Chest. CLINICAL INDICATION: ALTERED MENTAL STATUS
TECHNIQUE: Single frontal view of the chest was obtained COMPARISON: None
FINDINGS: Normal lung volumes. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions.
No focal consolidation. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette for this technique.
Atheromatous calcifications at the aortic arch. No acute osseous or soft tissue
abnormalities. No pneumoperitoneum. RPTAT: BBCC IMPRESSION - No acute pulmonary
process. Dictated by: [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 13:40 Electronically signed by: [PROVIDER_NAME],

[PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 13:40

CT Perfusion Brain W Contrast

Result Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

PROCEDURE: CT Head Perfusion with contrast. CLINICAL INDICATION: Code stroke.
Acute neurologic deficit. Right-sided weakness. Cerebral infarction due to unspecified
occlusion or stenosis of the left middle cerebral artery. TECHNIQUE: CT perfusion of the
head was obtained before and following the administration of 40 mL of Visipaque 320
intravenously. Specifically, maps of mean transit time, cerebral blood flow and cerebral
blood volume were generated offline using the perfusion source data. The administered
radiation dose was CTDI vol = 135.35 mGy, DLP = 1595.7 mGy-cm. One or more of the
following dose reduction techniques were used: Automated exposure control; Adjustment of
the mA and/or kV according to patient size; or Use of iterative reconstruction technique.
DICOM images are available. COMPARISON: Concurrent CT head and CTA neck and
head examinations. FINDINGS: At the imaged levels, normal mean transit time, cerebral

<ocr_service_page_start>6<ocr_service_page_start>

blood flow, and cerebral blood volume are demonstrated bilaterally. There is no evidence of
irreversible, potentially reversible, or compensated perfusion abnormality within these
portions of the brain. IMPRESSION - 1. There is no evidence of reversible ischemia. Further
findings as detailed above. Notification: These findings were discussed by myself, [PROVIDER_NAME], over telephone with [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] at 01:31 P.M. PST, with
readback confirmation. RPTAT: AA Dictated by: [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 13:34
Electronically signed by: [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 13:34

CT Head wo Contrast

Result Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

PROCEDURE: CT Head without contrast. CLINICAL INDICATION: Neurologic deficit.
TECHNIQUE: A CT of the head was obtained without contrast. Coronal and sagittal
reformations were provided. The administered radiation dose was CTDI vol = 41.44 mGy,
DLP = 739 mGy-cm. One or more of the following dose reduction techniques were used:
Automated exposure control; Adjustment of the mA and/or kV according to patient size; or
Use of iterative reconstruction technique. DICOM images are available. COMPARISON:
Concurrent CTA neck and head and CT perfusion examinations. FINDINGS: There is no
acute loss of gray-white differentiation to suggest acute infarction. There are mild
subcortical and periventricular foci of white matter hypoattenuation; these are nonspecific
but most likely reflect chronic microvascular white matter ischemic changes. There is no
acute intracranial hemorrhage. There is no extra-axial fluid collection. Overall, sulcal and
cisternal spaces are preserved. There is no hydrocephalus, midline shift, or significant mass
effect. There is mild sulcal and ventricular prominence most suggestive of global cerebral
parenchymal volume loss with central predominance. There is no calvarial fracture. There
has been prior bilateral cataract surgery. The visualized paranasal sinuses are clear.
IMPRESSION - 1. There is no acute territorial infarct, acute intracranial hemorrhage,
hydrocephalus, or midline shift. 2. There are mild chronic microvascular white matter
ischemic changes. There is mild global cerebral parenchymal volume loss with central
predominance. Further findings as detailed above. Notification: These findings were
discussed by myself, [PROVIDER_NAME], over telephone with [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
at 01:31 P.M. PST, with readback confirmation. RPTAT: AA Dictated by: [PROVIDER_NAME]
on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 13:33 Electronically signed by: [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 13:33

# CT Head wo Contrast

Result Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

EXAM: CT HEAD EXAM DATE: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 08:42 PM CLINICAL HISTORY: Trauma. Fall.
COMPARISON: CT HEAD WO CONTRAST 04/20/2018 2:06 PM TECHNIQUE: Multiaxial
CT images were obtained from the foramen magnum to the vertex. Reformats: Sagittal and
coronal. IV contrast: None. In accordance with CT protocol optimization, one or more of the
following dose reduction techniques were utilized for this exam: automated exposure
control, adjustment of mA and/or KV based on patient size, or use of iterative reconstructive
technique. FINDINGS: Parenchyma: Brain parenchyma is unremarkable. There is no
intracranial hemorrhage, mass, midline shift, or hydrocephalus. There is no evidence of an
extraaxial fluid collection or large territory acute cerebrovascular infarct. Sinuses/Orbits:
Paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear. Orbits are unremarkable. Bones: No
evidence of fracture or calvarial defect. Other: None.

IMPRESSION: No acute intracranial abnormality. Note: CT cannot exclude acute infarct.
RADIA Radiation Dose Information Provided By [FACILITY_NAME] CT HEAD WO CONTRAST
CTDI: 44.00 mGy CTDLP: 711.00 mGy-cm DLP Dictated By: [PROVIDER_NAME] MD 2024-

<ocr_service_page_start>7<ocr_service_page_start>

01-06 20:56:57.307 Signed By: [PROVIDER_NAME] 2024-01-06 20:57:57.0 Transcribed
By: [PROVIDER_NAME] 2024-01-06 20:57:57.87 SITE ID: 241 Patients are advised to
discuss imaging findings and recommendations with the ordering provider.

XR Wrist Left 3 + Vw

Result Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

EXAM: LEFT WRIST RADIOGRAPHY EXAM DATE: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 08:09 PM CLINICAL
HISTORY: Fall. COMPARISON: XR WRIST RIGHT 3 + VW [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 7:48 PM. XR HAND
LEFT 3 + VW [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 7:48 PM. TECHNIQUE: 3 views. FINDINGS: Bones: Fracture
fragment suspected along the dorsum of the wrist, possibly triquetral fracture. Remainder of
the bones are intact. Joints: Moderate arthropathy at the base of the thumb, with joint space
loss and some slight subluxation. No frank dislocation. Soft Tissues: No gross soft tissue
swelling. Vascular calcifications.

IMPRESSION: Questionable triquetral fracture. Correlate with point tenderness along the
dorsum of the wrist and the proximal carpal row. RADIA Dictated By: [PROVIDER_NAME] 2024-
01-06 20:24:15.607 Signed By: [PROVIDER_NAME] 2024-01-06 20:36:07.0 Transcribed By:
[PROVIDER_NAME] 2024-01-06 20:26:17.117 SITE ID: 52 Patients are advised to discuss
imaging findings and recommendations with the ordering provider.

XR Hand Left 3 + Vw

Result Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

Result Date. [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
EXAM: LEFT HAND RADIOGRAPHY EXAM DATE: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 08:07 PM CLINICAL
HISTORY: FALL. COMPARISON: XR HAND RIGHT 3 + VW [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 7:48 PM
TECHNIQUE: 3 views. FINDINGS: Bones: Normal. No fractures or bone lesions. Joints:
Mild to moderate arthropathy of the base of the thumb. No dislocation. Soft Tissues:
Vascular calcifications. No obvious soft tissue swelling.

IMPRESSION: No fracture. RADIA Dictated By: [PROVIDER_NAME] 2024-01-06 20:22:53.16
Signed By: [PROVIDER_NAME] 2024-01-06 20:23:53.0 Transcribed By: [PROVIDER_NAME] 2024-01-06
20:23:53.56 SITE ID: 52 Patients are advised to discuss imaging findings and

recommendations with the ordering provider.

XR Wrist Right 3 + Vw

Result Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

EXAM: RIGHT HAND RADIOGRAPHY RIGHT WRIST RADIOGRAPHY EXAM DATE:
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 08:05 PM CLINICAL HISTORY: FALL. COMPARISON: XR WRIST RIGHT 3 + VW
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 7:48 PM TECHNIQUE: RIGHT HAND RADIOGRAPHY: 3 views RIGHT WRIST
RADIOGRAPHY: 3 views FINDINGS: Bones: Normal. Joints: Normal alignment. Mild inter-
phalangeal joint degenerative changes. Soft Tissues: Vascular calcifications.

IMPRESSION: No fracture or malalignment RADIA Dictated By: [PROVIDER_NAME]
2024-01-06 20:18:20.723 Signed By: [PROVIDER_NAME] 2024-01-06 20:19:22.0
Transcribed By: [PROVIDER_NAME] 2024-01-06 20:19:22.91 SITE ID: 292 Patients are
advised to discuss imaging findings and recommendations with the ordering provider.

XR Hand Right 3 + Vw

Result Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

<ocr_service_page_start>8<ocr_service_page_start>

EXAM: RIGHT HAND RADIOGRAPHY RIGHT WRIST RADIOGRAPHY EXAM DATE:
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 08:05 PM CLINICAL HISTORY: FALL. COMPARISON: XR WRIST RIGHT 3 + VW
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 7:48 PM TECHNIQUE: RIGHT HAND RADIOGRAPHY: 3 views RIGHT WRIST
RADIOGRAPHY: 3 views FINDINGS: Bones: Normal. Joints: Normal alignment. Mild inter-
phalangeal joint degenerative changes. Soft Tissues: Vascular calcifications.

IMPRESSION: No fracture or malalignment RADIA Dictated By: [PROVIDER_NAME]
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 20:18:20.723 Signed By: [PROVIDER_NAME] [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 20:19:22.0
Transcribed By: [PROVIDER_NAME] [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 20:19:22.91 SITE ID: 292 Patients are
advised to discuss imaging findings and recommendations with the ordering provider.

# PROCEDURES:

See MRI results

# Brief HPI: (from H&P)

See history and physical

# HOSPITAL COURSE:

Patient presented with altered level of consciousness was admitted to the hospital underwent
neurowork-up including MRI seen by consultation by neurology and nephrology. Patient
additionally had hemodialysis while in the hospital. Patient diarrheal illness improved. Patient
clinically has been better. Patient coincidently found to have a anterior communicating artery
aneurysm which seen by neurointervention and no further treatment recommended. Advised
patient and family to avoid driving given his multiple conditions.

# Discharge Medications:

# Discharge Medications
# New Medications

|                               | Details                                                                    |
| aspirin 81 mg chewable tablet | Chew and swallow 1 tablet Daily. aka: ASPIRIN ADULT LOW STRENGTH           |
| loperamide 2 mg capsule       | Take 1 capsule by mouth every 3 hours as needed for Diarrhea. aka: IMODIUM |
Unchanged Medications

|                             | Details                                                                                                        |
| acetaminophen 325 mg tablet | Take 2 tablets by mouth every 6 hours as needed for Pain or Fever (or fever >= 38.3 C (101.5 F)). aka: TYLENOL |
| amLODIPine 2.5 mg tablet    | Take 1 tablet by mouth Daily. aka: NORVASC                                                                     |

<ocr_service_page_start>9<ocr_service_page_start>

|                                                                                                  | Details                                                                    |
| ascorbic acid 500 mg tablet                                                                      | Take 1 tablet by mouth Daily. aka: VITAMIN C                               |
| atorvaSTATin 40 mg tablet                                                                        | Take 1 tablet by mouth nightly. aka: LIPITOR                               |
| B COMPLEX 1 PO                                                                                   | Take by mouth Daily.                                                       |
| calcitriol 0.25 mcg capsule                                                                      | Take 1 capsule by mouth nightly. aka: ROCALTROL                            |
| CALCIUM CITRATE + D3 MAXIMUM 315 mg- 6.25 mcg per tablet Generic drug: calcium citrate-vitamin D | Take 1 tablet by mouth 2 times daily.                                      |
| carbidopa-levodopa 25-100 mg per tablet                                                          | Take 1 tablet by mouth 3 times daily. aka: SINEMET                         |
| carvedilol 25 mg tablet                                                                          | Take 1 tablet by mouth 2 times daily (with breakfast & dinner). aka: COREG |
| cholecalciferol 25 mcg (1,000 units) tablet Generic drug: cholecalciferol                        | Take 1 tablet by mouth Daily.                                              |
| finasteride 5 mg tablet                                                                          | Take 1 tablet by mouth Daily. aka: PROSCAR                                 |
| sevelamer carbonate 800 mg tablet                                                                | Take 3 tablets by mouth 3 times daily (with meals). aka: RENVELA           |
| tamsulosin 0.4 mg Caps                                                                           | Take 1 capsule by mouth daily (after breakfast). aka: FLOMAX               |
# DISPOSITION: Home with home health

# FOLLOW-UP:

Follow-up with: [PROVIDER_NAME] call for appt in one week

CODE: Full Code

Time spent on Discharge and Coordination of post-hospital care: >30 Minutes

Electronically signed by: [PROVIDER_NAME], [ENCOUNTER_DATE], 7:51 AM PST

Signed by [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0753

# Discharge Summary - Encounter Level:

Discharge Summary: None found at the encounter level.

# Discharge Summary - Order Level:

<ocr_service_page_start>10<ocr_service_page_start>

# Discharge Summary - Patient Level:

Discharge Summary: None found at the patient level.

Printed on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 7:55 AM

Page

Printed by [PROVIDER_NAME]

[EMAIL]

9/9

Name: [PATIENT_NAME]

DOB: [DOB]

Date:



---


# Encounter 2

<ocr_service_page_start>11<ocr_service_page_start>

<page_11_image_1.jpg>

# TELEPHONE MESSAGE

| PATIENT NAME:  | [PATIENT_NAME]   |
| DATE OF BIRTH: | [DOB]            |
| DATE OF CALL:  | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
| HOME PHONE:    | [PHONE]          |
| DAY PHONE:     | [PHONE]          |

| CELL PHONE:      |
| ALTERNATE PHONE: |
Spoke with: patient
Time of call: 11:24 AM
Call taken by: Teresa Hernandez
Contact type: outgoing call
Call type: outgoing

# Telephone Contact Detail

| Date       | Time     | Employee         | Concerns/Issues      | Detail                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE] | 11:24 AM | Teresa Hernandez | Schedule Appointment | Communication Patient contacted. Comment:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
|            |          |                  |                      | Call reason Schedule Appointment. Called and spoke with patient, HIPAA verified, offered him a duo appointment for Mobile visit with NP Uju Osagie and virtual with ESRD NP Evelyn Conjlun and he agreed to 2/5/24 at 10 am, states he is not feeling well, and that he had an appointment with NP Evelyn at [FACILITY_NAME] on 2/14/24, email was sent to Evelyn and she will have the staff reach out to him for Telephonic or Virtual sometime this week, I spoke with Angelique at [FACILITY_NAME] and per Evelyn requested to cancel the 2/14/24 appointment and schedule a telephonic or virtual for this week since he is not feeling well and was recently discharged from [FACILITY_NAME] on 1/17/24, she will follow up since Evelyn's schedule has not been open for scheduling as of right now. |
Primary Care Provider [PROVIDER_NAME]

<ocr_service_page_start>12<ocr_service_page_start>

# Provider

# Documentation Outreach [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 11:39 AM

Document generated by: [PROVIDER_NAME]

[PATIENT_NAME] [MRN] [DOB] [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 11:24 AM Page: 2/2



---


# Encounter 3

<ocr_service_page_start>13<ocr_service_page_start>

# carelon
SM
Health

Patient:
Date of Birth:
Age:

[PATIENT_NAME]

[DOB]
82 years

| Date:       | [ENCOUNTER_DATE]    |
| Visit Type: | Virtual Visit       |
This 82 year old client presents for Virtual Visit and Post Hospital Visit.

# History of Present Illness

## 1. Virtual Visit

## 2. Post Hospital Visit

Verbal consent obtained for this video call for the purpose of this post snf/hosp assessment,.
Pt was admitted at [FACILITY_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] for acute on chronic diastolic CHF.
Presented with SOB after dialysis, left subcostal chest pain. He was admitted prior to this
hospitalization for
substernal non radiating CP. EKG showed RBBB. He was evaluated and cleared for dc by cardio.
During this admission on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] he was stable but required 21 of o2 admitted for fluid
overload..
he was found to have appendicitis with perforation and abscess. He was also found to have a
kidney mass.
No surgical intervention done for the appendicitis, was administered with zosyn and dcd with
augmentin x1 week with probiotics,
R renal mass confirmed by MRI suspicion of renal cell carcinoma, Evaluated by
oncology/urology = discussed with family members- for
tx plan- Conservative mgt with regular monitoring of the size vs nephrectomy.
Discussiion will c/w oncology/urology outpt..

Severe protein malnutrition- started on marinol to increase appetite.
FLuid overload/CHF was - fluids were managed by HD/resolving SOB.
Chest pain- likely misinterpreted from his left abdominal pain/not chest.
Cadiologhgy evaluated- no further ischemic workup done.

Pt was transferred to [FACILITY_NAME] for further tx and rehab.
Has allzheimers dementia, pakinsons, BPH, Tla, HTN HD on HD 3x week (TTS).

He was dcd from SNF on [ENCOUNTER_DATE].
Son reuested for home therqapy/was started. 2x week.

He is dependent on wife/family for adls.
Wheelchair bound.

Non diabetic. DM screebed [ENCOUNTER_DATE] - A1c 4.4%.

<ocr_service_page_start>14<ocr_service_page_start>

ESRD s/t HTN. He is tolerating treatment well. Has been on HD for since 2019.
Goes to [FACILITY_NAME]. Patient dialyzes twice/week Tues & Sat.
LUA AV Fistula is patent, (+bruit/thrill). Revised last month.
Reinforced fluid restriction, low K/Phos/high protein diet.

F/u in 2 mos- Cannot come to clinic due to distance to CCC.
Video calls will be scheduled with son Alex.

# Screening Tools

## Other Screenings

| Encounter Date | Performed Date | Screening Tool                                    | Score | Severity/ Interpretation | MDD Classification | Scanned Document |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE]     | [ENCOUNTER_DATE]     | Malnutrition Screening Tool                       | 0     | Not At Risk              |                    |                  |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE]     | [ENCOUNTER_DATE]     | Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-4) - Anxiety    | 0     |                          |                    |                  |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE]     | [ENCOUNTER_DATE]     | Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-4) - Depression | 0     |                          |                    |                  |
| Date       | Instrument                                        | Score | Interpretation | Description |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE] | Malnutrition Screening Tool                       | 0     | Not At Risk    |             |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE] | Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-4) - Anxiety    | 0     |                |             |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE] | Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-4) - Depression | 0     |                |             |
# Medications (active prior to today)

| Medication Name                        | Sig Description                                                                  | Start Date | Stop Date  | Refilled   | Rx Elsewhere |
| tamsulosin 0.4 mg capsule              | take 1 capsule by oral route every day 1/2 hour following the same meal each day | //         |            |            | Y            |
| finasteride 5 mg tablet                | take 1 tablet by oral route every day                                            | //         | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] | Y            |
| atorvastatin 40 mg tablet              | take 1 tablet by oral route every day                                            | //         |            |            | Y            |
| Vitamin D3 25 mcg (1,000 unit) capsule | take 1 capsule by buccal route every day for 1 day                               | //         |            |            | Y            |
| Vazalore 81 mg capsule                 |                                                                                  | //         |            |            | Y            |
| carbidopa 25 mg-levodopa 100 mg tablet |                                                                                  | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |            |            | Y            |
| loperamide 2 mg capsule                | Take 1 capsule PO every 3 hours prn for Diarrhea                                 | //         |            | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] | Y            |
| acetaminophen 325 mg                   | Take 2 tablets PO every 6                                                        | //         |            |            | Y            |

<ocr_service_page_start>15<ocr_service_page_start>

| capsule                           | hours as needed for pain or fever > 101.5                              |     |
| aspirin 81 mg chewable tablet     | chew 1 tablet by oral route [ENCOUNTER_DATE] [ENCOUNTER_DATE] every day            | N   |
| Vitamin C 500 mg tablet           | Take 1 tab PO daily //                                                 | Y   |
| sevelamer carbonate 800 mg tablet | take 3 tablet by oral route 3 // [ENCOUNTER_DATE] times every day with food  | Y   |
| hydralazine 50 mg tablet          | take 1 tablet by oral route 2 [ENCOUNTER_DATE] times every day with food     | N   |
| amlodipine 2.5 mg tablet          | take 1 tablet by oral route 2 // [ENCOUNTER_DATE] [ENCOUNTER_DATE] times every day | Y   |
| Nephro-Vite 0.8 mg tablet         | take 1 tablet by buccal [ENCOUNTER_DATE] [ENCOUNTER_DATE] route every day          | N   |
| clopidogrel 75 mg tablet          | take 1 tablet by oral route // every day                               | Y   |
| losartan 25 mg tablet             | take 1 tablet by ORAL route // every day                               | Y   |
| calcitriol 0.25 mcg capsule       | take 1 capsule by oral route // every day                              | Y   |
| amlodipine 5 mg tablet            | take 1 tablet by ORAL route // every day                               | Y   |
| hydralazine 25 mg tablet          | take 1 tablet by ORAL route // 3 times every day with food             | Y   |
# Medication Reconciliation

Medications reconciled today.

# Medication Reviewed

| Adherence          | Medication Name                        | Sig Desc                                                                         | Elsewhere Status |
| taking as directed | tamsulosin 0.4 mg capsule              | take 1 capsule by oral route every day 1/2 hour following the same meal each day | Y Verified       |
| taking as directed | Vitamin D3 25 mcg (1,000 unit) capsule | take 1 capsule by buccal route every day for 1 day                               | Y Verified       |
| taking as directed | atorvastatin 40 mg tablet              | take 1 tablet by oral route every day                                            | Y Verified       |
| taking as directed | Vazalore 81 mg capsule                 |                                                                                  | Y Verified       |
| taking as directed | finasteride 5 mg tablet                | take 1 tablet by oral route every day                                            | Y Verified       |
| taking as directed | loperamide 2 mg capsule                | Take 1 capsule PO every 3 hours prn for Diarrhea                                 | Y Verified       |
| taking as directed | acetaminophen 325 mg capsule           | Take 2 tablets PO every 6 hours as needed for pain or fever >101.5               | Y Verified       |
| taking as directed | carbidopa 25 mg-levodopa 100 mg tablet |                                                                                  | Y Verified       |
| taking as directed | aspirin 81 mg chewable tablet          | chew 1 tablet by oral route every day                                            | N Verified       |
| taking as directed | sevelamer carbonate 800 mg tablet      | take 3 tablet by oral route 3 times every day with food                          | Y Verified       |
| taking as directed | Vitamin C 500 mg tablet                | Take 1 tab PO daily                                                              | Y Verified       |
| taking as directed | Nephro-Vite 0.8 mg tablet              | take 1 tablet by buccal route every day                                          | N Verified       |
| taking as directed | clopidogrel 75 mg tablet               | take 1 tablet by oral route every day                                            | Y Verified       |
| taking as directed | hydralazine 50 mg tablet               | take 1 tablet by oral route 2 times                                              | N Verified       |

<ocr_service_page_start>16<ocr_service_page_start>

|                    |                             | every day with food                           |     |          |
| taking as directed | amlodipine 2.5 mg tablet    | take 1 tablet by oral route 2 times every day | Y   | Verified |
| taking as directed | amlodipine 5 mg tablet      | take 1 tablet by ORAL route every day         | Y   | Verified |
| taking as directed | calcitriol 0.25 mcg capsule | take 1 capsule by oral route every day        | Y   | Verified |
| taking as directed | losartan 25 mg tablet       | take 1 tablet by ORAL route every day         | Y   | Verified |
| taking as directed | hydralazine 25 mg tablet    | take 1 tablet by ORAL route 3 times           | Y   | Verified |

| every day with food |
***Hosp/SNF discharge meds reconciled

# Allergies

| Ingredient | Reaction (Severity) | Medication Name | Comment |
NO KNOWN
# ALLERGIES
Reviewed, no changes.

# Vital Signs

## Pain Scale

| Time    | Pain Level | Method                       |
| 8:21 AM | 0/10       | Numeric Pain Intensity Scale |
## Measured by

| Time | Measured by |

| 8:21 AM | [PROVIDER_NAME] |
# Physical Exam

| Exam            | Findings | Details                                                             |
| Constitutional  | *        | Nourishment - thin. Overall appearance - chronically ill-appearing. |
| Constitutional  | Normal   | No acute distress.                                                  |
| Respiratory     | Normal   | Cough - Absent.                                                     |
| Cardiovascular  | Comments | denies cp, palpitations                                             |
| Abdomen         | Normal   | No abdominal tenderness.                                            |
| Genitourinary   | Comments | oliguric                                                            |
| Musculoskeletal | *        | Gait - wheelchair.                                                  |
| Musculoskeletal | Comments | has alzheimers dementia, parkinson's - wheelchair bound             |
| Neurological    | Normal   | Level of consciousness - Normal. Orientation - Normal.              |
| Psychiatric     | Normal   | Behavior is appropriate for age.                                    |
# Immunizations Entered by History

| Date                  | Immunization                                                                                                         |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE]      | 2023-2024 Flu vaccine Quad (SYR) preservative free 0.5 ml 10 Doses/Box                                               |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE]      | Moderna Booster Updated (bivalent)                                                                                   |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE]      | 2022-2023 Flu vaccine Quad (allV4) preservative free 0.5 ml 10 Doses/Box                                             |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE]      | Pneumococcal conjugate PCV 13                                                                                        |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE]      | SARS-COV-2 (COVID-19) vaccine, mRNA, spike protein, LNP, preservative free, 100 mcg/0.5mL dose or 50 mcg/0.25mL dose |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE]      | Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine                                                                                             |

<ocr_service_page_start>17<ocr_service_page_start>

| [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 11:11:01 AM | 2021-2022 Flu vaccine Quad (allV4) preservative free 0.5 ml 10 Doses/Box |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 12:00:00 AM   | Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine                                                 |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 12:00:00 AM   | Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine                                                 |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 12:00:00 AM   | Pneumo (2 yrs or older)(PPV)                                             |
# Completed Orders (This Visit)

| Order                                             | Details | Reason Side | Interpretation | Result | Additional Info | Initial Treatment Date | Region |
| Malnutrition Screening Tool                       |         |             | Not At Risk    | 0      |                 |                        |        |
| Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-4) - Anxiety    |         |             |                | 0      |                 |                        |        |
| Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-4) - Depression |         |             |                | 0      |                 |                        |        |
# Assessment/Plan

| #   | Detail Type  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| 1.  | Assessment   | Dependence on renal dialysis (Z99.2).                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|     | Patient Plan | -Due to HTN follow esrd tx plan: not to skip hd tx, follow fluid/salt restrictions, low potassium/phos/high protein diet.                                                                                                                  |
|     |              |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| 2.  | Assessment   | Physical debility (R53.81).                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
|     | Patient Plan | Ordering home health services- SN and therapy post SNF Dc. Pt is deconditioned, was ordered home therapy. q                                                                                                                                |
|     |              |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| 3.  | Assessment   | Hyperparathyroidism due to end stage renal disease on dialysis (N25.81).                                                                                                                                                                   |
|     | Patient Plan | -Discussed risks of cardiovascular events, skin, & bone complications -Discussed/reinforced low phosphorous diet -Continue phosphate binders as prescribed meals -Continue Sensipar as prescribed -Follow up with nephrologist as directed |
|     |              |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| 4.  | Assessment   | End stage renal disease (N18.6).                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
|     | Patient Plan | -Due to HTN                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
|     |              | -Discussed s/s uremia to report                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
|     |              | -Discussed/reinforced dry weight (limit 1lt fluid/day)                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|     |              | -Discussed/reinforced low NA+/K+/Phos diet                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|     |              | -Reinforced adherence to dialysis schedule                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|     |              | -Discussed/reinforced Fluid/salt restrictions                                                                                                                                                                                              |
|     |              | -Discussed/reinforced access care                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| 5.  | Assessment   | Hypertensive chronic kidney disease, unspecified, with chronic kidney disease stage V or ESRD (I12.0). |
|     | Patient Plan | -Due to HTN                                                                                            |

<ocr_service_page_start>18<ocr_service_page_start>

|     |               | -Continue Hydralazine 50mg BID -Continue Losartan 25mg daily -Continue Amlodipine 2.5mg QD -Cardiologist follow up apt on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] -Discussed/reinforced ADA/DASH diet -Discussed/reinforced daily walking/weight control -Refer to NAF/Silversneakers -Follow up in 4 weeks home visit ESRD |
|     |               |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| 6.  | Assessment    | TIA (transient ischemic attack) (G45.9).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|     | Patient Plan  | Per family member, pt apparently had a TIA. Requested for dc notes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|     | Provider Plan | hx of TIAs. Discussed need to effectively manage htn/cvd, Referred to [PROVIDER_NAME].                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|     |               |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| 7.  | Assessment    | Parkinson's disease with fluctuating manifestations, unspecified whether dyskinesia present (G20.A2).                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|     | Patient Plan  | C/w sinemet. F/u by pmd and neuro. Will refer to another neuro.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| 8.  | Assessment    | Alzheimer's dementia, unspecified dementia severity, unspecified timing of dementia onset, unspecified whether behavioral, psychotic, or mood disturbanc or anxiety (G30.9).                                                                                                             |
|     | Patient Plan  | -Discussed changes to report -Continue meds as prescribed. -Supportive care reinforced. -Safety measures and fall precautions discussed. -Follow up with pcp as directed                                                                                                                 |
|     |               |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| 9.  | Assessment    | Chronic diastolic congestive heart failure (150.32).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|     | Patient Plan  | Continue adherence to hd tx plan, follow fluid/salt restrictions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
|     |               |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| 10. | Assessment    | Hospital discharge follow-up (Z09).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|     | Patient Plan  | Post hosp assessment performed, Medications reviewed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|     |               |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| 11. | Assessment    | Renal mass (N28.89).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|     | Patient Plan  | Per dc notes, pt was referred to oncology/urology for outpt f/.u. Discussion at hospital for conservative mgt with routine assessment vs nephrectomy,. Per son, the family is leaning towards conservative mgt.                                                                          |
|     |               |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| 12. | Other Orders  | Orders not associated to today's assessments.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
|     | Plan Orders   | The patient had the following order(s) completed today: Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-4) - AnxietyNext Malnutrition Screening Tool. Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-4) - Depression Result details: 0.                                                                             |

<ocr_service_page_start>19<ocr_service_page_start>

# Provider

# [PROVIDER_NAME] NP [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 12:25 PM

Document generated by: [PROVIDER_NAME] [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 12:25 PM

Location: [FACILITY_NAME]
Phone number: [PHONE]

Electronically signed by [PROVIDER_NAME] NP on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 09:13 PM

[PATIENT_NAME] [MRN] [DOB] [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 09:00 AM 7/7