# Cover Page

<ocr_service_page_start>1<ocr_service_page_start>

Patient Documents - Web Mode [PATIENT_NAME] [DOB] (82 yo F) Acc No. [ACCOUNT_NUMBER]: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] DC SUMMARY
ASK EVA ?

# X

| [PATIENT_NAME] 82 Y,F   INFO  HUB

[ ] Quick Search

[ENCOUNTER_DATE] [FACILITY_NAME] ER

1 / 7          132% |

[PATIENT_NAME] 82 Y,F                      INFO   HUB

  Quick Search                                                                 T
   Quick Search()  ...  

    [ENCOUNTER_DATE] [FACILITY_NAME] ER
    [ENCOUNTER_DATE] [FACILITY_NAME] ER
    Forms Pending, Blank(0)
    Fax Inbox(0)
    Home Health/Palliative Care//H...
    [ENCOUNTER_DATE] [FACILITY_NAME] PALLIATIVE
    [ENCOUNTER_DATE] [FACILITY_NAME] Discharge Trans
    [ENCOUNTER_DATE] [FACILITY_NAME] ORDER 7370858
    [ENCOUNTER_DATE] [FACILITY_NAME] HOME CARE MISSED
    [ENCOUNTER_DATE] [FACILITY_NAME] ORDER 7327701
    [ENCOUNTER_DATE] [FACILITY_NAME] ORDER 7314743
    [ENCOUNTER_DATE] [FACILITY_NAME] - RESP
    Inpatient Records and ER(29)

    [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] DC SUMMAR
    [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] NEURO CON
    [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] GERIATRIC
    [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] NEURO CONS
    [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] Care Mana
    [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] NEURO CON
    [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] Rapid Res
    [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] NEURO CON
    [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] NEURO CRI

[PATIENT_NAME] (MRN [MRN]) DOB: [DOB] Encounter Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

[PATIENT_NAME]

MRN: [MRN]

[PROVIDER_NAME]
Physician
Internal Medicine
# Discharge Summary
Signed

<page_1_image_1.jpg>

Date of Service: [SERVICE_DATE] 6:01 PM

Signed

<page_1_image_2.jpg>

# Hospitalist Discharge Summary

[PATIENT_NAME]          DOB:  [DOB]          MRN:  [MRN]

Discharge date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

| [x] Add Description

Add Local   Options ▴   ⟳ |

Admit date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

| If content is not visible properly, please click here to view in external viewer

                                                                                      On:[ENCOUNTER_DATE]
                                                                                      Scanned By:[PROVIDER_NAME] Transition of Care Coordinator RN,[PROVIDER_NAME] |


---


# Encounter 1

<ocr_service_page_start>2<ocr_service_page_start>

[PATIENT_NAME] (MRN [MRN]) DOB: [DOB] Encounter Date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

[PATIENT_NAME]

MRN: [MRN]

[PROVIDER_NAME]  
Physician  
Internal Medicine
# Discharge Summary
Signed

<page_2_image_3.jpg>

Date of Service: [SERVICE_DATE] 6:01 PM

Signed

<page_2_image_4.jpg>

## Hospitalist Discharge Summary

[PATIENT_NAME] DOB: [DOB] MRN: [MRN]

Discharge date: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

Admit date:  [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

Admitting Physician: [PROVIDER_NAME]
Primary Care Physician: [PROVIDER_NAME]
Visit Status: Inpatient
Code Status: DNR-CCA

# BRIEF HOSPITAL COURSE:

[PATIENT_NAME] is a 81 y.o. female with past medical history below who presents with chief complaint listed
above
81-year-old female with altered mental state presented to the ED today, at 640 5 to 7 AM. Reportedly
had a series of low-speed fender benders while she was driving the car today because of her altered
mental state this morning. She did have a prior stroke according to the family and she is behaving
similar to that. Normally awake alert oriented X 4 and functionally independent. In the ED, NIH 3, CT
and CTA of head completed - no intracranial hemorrhage on exam. Neurology was consulted. NIHSS
worsened on floor NIH6-7 and she was unable to answer any question, right sided neglect and left
gaze partial palsy. Sympoms improved and MRI brain was completed which showed no acute
infarction just remote infarction and lots of white matter changes. EEG showed bilateral independent
occasional-to-frequent (~10-20% of the record) intermittent slowing in the right > left fronto-temporal
regions, indicative of focal neuronal dysfunction in these areas.

Additionally there is one example of a sharp wave discharge in the right fronto-temporal region,
suggestive of an epileptogenic focus / cortical irritability in the area. No seizures are seen. With
recommendation of prolong testing outpatient. She was started on Keppra by neurology, Neurology
placed recommended continuing aspirin and not adding Plavix given her fall risk. Also,
recommended to get Lumbar puncture but patient did not want at this time, will need outpatient echo
cardiogram which was ordered by neurology

Geriatrics was consulted recommending outpatient follow up with Center for senior health

Acute, acute on chronic, unstable/uncontrolled chronic problems/discharge diagnoses:
1. Acute Confusional State with neglect - Transient
2. No evidence of acute ischemic stroke on the CT head or MRI brain
a. Cardio echo outpatient

<ocr_service_page_start>3<ocr_service_page_start>

3. White Matter - Small vessel disease similar to the previous MRI  
a. On statin and aspirin, do not recommend plavix due to risk

4. Hypertension

a. Hyzaar DC - continue losartan 100 mg - may need to restart combo medications  
outpatient

5. Seizure Disorder - per neurology  
a. Start Keppra 500 mg BID  
b. Outpatient prolonged EEG monitoring  
c. No driving until cleared, and caution with swimming, bathing, heavy machinery,  
ladders

6. Maxillary pressure - MRI sinus

a. Report not completed during admission - follow up result outpatient, may need ENT  
referral  
# Past Medical History:

| Diagnosis    | Date |
| Hypertension |      |
# Procedures:

MRI brain [ENCOUNTER_DATE]:  
# FINDINGS:

Ventricular system and Extra-axial spaces:

Generalized enlargement of the ventricles and sulci is noted without extracerebral collection with  
mass effect.

Cerebral and cerebellar parenchyma:  
Periventricular foci of increased signal intensity on T2 and FLAIR are identified without mass effect or  
restricted diffusion, compatible with chronic microvascular ischemic change. Remote thalamic lacunar  
infarcts are redemonstrated bilaterally. No additional focal parenchymal enhancing or nonenhancing  
lesion is identified throughout the cerebrum or cerebellum.

# Brainstem:  
Normal.

Sella turcica and pituitary:  
Normal.

Vascular system:

Normal signal void is noted within the major intracranial vessels.

Paranasal sinuses:  
Clear.

Mastoid air cells:  
Normal.

Orbits:  
Normal.  
# Impression:

Diminished cerebral volume and evidence of chronic white matter small vessel ischemic change  
without acute intracranial abnormality.

# CT head [ENCOUNTER_DATE]:

<ocr_service_page_start>4<ocr_service_page_start>
# Impression:

No acute intracranial abnormalities or significant change from the prior study.
CTA head, neck [ENCOUNTER_DATE]:
# Impression:

Negative intracranial CTA
# IMPRESSION:

No left or right carotid bifurcation stenosis. The cervical vertebral arteries are patent. There is no
evidence of dissection or occlusion.

Hospital Course: See discharge diagnoses list above and medication adjustments below in med
rec. The patient is discharged in improved and stable condition.

# Consults:

IP CONSULT TO NEUROLOGY
IP CONSULT TO STROKE TEAM
IP CONSULT TO CASE MANAGEMENT
IP CONSULT TO NEUROLOGY
IP CONSULT TO GERIATRICS
IP CONSULT TO HOME CARE NEEDS
# Discharge Instructions:
# Diet:

# Dietary Orders (From admission, onward)

| Question                               | Answer                              | Comment | [Empty] |
| Frequency Frequency Select supplement: | AM Snack Dinner Vanilla Ensure Plus |         | [Empty] |

| Start                                                             | Ordered                                  |        |         |      |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE] Supplement:Lunch; Chocolate Magic Cup Until discontinued | [ENCOUNTER_DATE]                                 |        |         |      |
| 1808                                                              | Question                                 | Answer | Comment | 1807 |
| Frequency                                                         | Lunch                                    |        |         |      |
| Select supplement: Chocolate Magic                                |                                          |        |         |      |
| Cup                                                               |                                          |        |         |      |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE] Supplement:AM Snack, Dinner; Vanilla Ensure Plus Until   | [ENCOUNTER_DATE]                                 |        |         |      |
| 1807 discontinued                                                 | 1807                                     |        |         |      |
| [ENCOUNTER_DATE] Adult diet Easy to Chew Diet effective now               | [ENCOUNTER_DATE]                                 |        |         |      |
| 1134                                                              | Question: Diet type Answer: Easy to Chew | 1133   |         |      |
Activity: as tolerated
Recommended Outpatient Tests:

Disposition: Patient discharged in stable condition to Home. Greater than 31 minutes spent
discharging the patient and coming up with patient discharge plan.

discharging the patient and coming up with patient discharge plan.
Vitals: BP 104/74 (BP Location: Right arm, Patient Position: Sitting) I Pulse 80 I Temp (!) 35.8 °C
(96.5 °F) (Temporal) I Resp 20 I Ht 5' (1.524 m) I Wt 138 lb 3.2 OZ (62.7 kg) I SpO2 98% I BMI
26.99 kg/m²
Pulse Ox: SpO2 Avg: 96% Min: 93 % Max: 98 %
Supplemental O2: O2 Flow Rate (L/min): 2 L/min
# Physical Exam

<ocr_service_page_start>5<ocr_service_page_start>

See discharge date PN

# Recent Labs

|            | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 1232 | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0309 | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 2249 |
| NA         | 138                   | 138                   | 138                   |
| K          | 3.2*                  | 3.4*                  | 3.2*                  |
| CL         | 108*                  | 111*                  | 111*                  |
| CO2        | 24                    | 23                    | 22                    |
| BUN        | 13                    | 14                    | 19*                   |
| CREATININE | 0.63                  | 0.61                  | 0.53                  |
| GLUCOSE    | 124*                  | 109*                  | 105*                  |
| CALCIUM    | 9.0                   | 8.8                   | 8.3*                  |
# Recent Labs

|      | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 1232 | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0309 | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0504 |
| WBC  | 7.6                   | 6.0                   | 6.6                   |
| RBC  | 5.02                  | 4.81                  | 5.09                  |
| HGB  | 13.9                  | 13.3                  | 14.1                  |
| HCT  | 41.4                  | 40.1                  | 42.8                  |
| MCV  | 82.5                  | 83.4                  | 84.1                  |
| MCH  | 27.7                  | 27.7                  | 27.7                  |
| MCHC | 33.6                  | 33.2                  | 32.9                  |
| RDW  | 13.0                  | 12.9                  | 13.1                  |
| PLT  | 207                   | 203                   | 252                   |
| MPV  | 9.6                   | 9.9                   | 10.1                  |
# Discharge Medications:

# Medication List

START taking these medications

# levETIRAcetam 500 MG tablet

Commonly known as: Keppra
Take 1 tablet (500 mg) by mouth 2 times daily.

# losartan 100 MG tablet

Commonly known as: Cozaar
Take 1 tablet (100 mg) by mouth daily.
Start taking on: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

CONTINUE taking these medications

aspirin 81 MG EC tablet

Take 1 tablet (81 mg) by mouth daily.

<ocr_service_page_start>6<ocr_service_page_start>

atorvastatin 40 MG tablet

Commonly known as: Lipitor
Take 1 tablet (40 mg) by mouth Nightly.
# STOP taking these medications

losartan-hydroCHLOROthiazide 100-25 MG tablet

Commonly known as: Hyzaar

# Where to Get Your Medications

These medications were sent to [FACILITY_NAME]
- [ADDRESS]

Phone: [PHONE]

levETIRAcetam 500 MG tablet
losartan 100 MG tablet

[ADDRESS]

# Recommended Follow-up:

[FACILITY_NAME]
[ADDRESS]
Follow up in 6 week(s)

[PROVIDER_NAME]
[ADDRESS]
[PHONE]

Schedule an appointment as soon as possible for a visit
Please call and make an appointment to be seen within one week. A repeat EEG - to look at your
brain activity was ordered, and will need a echo to look at the heart.

[PROVIDER_NAME]
[ADDRESS]
[PHONE]

Go on [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

Please go to appointment to follow up with neurology at 12:30- come 15 minutes early for completion
of paper work.

<ocr_service_page_start>7<ocr_service_page_start>

# Complexity of Follow up:

| [ ] Moderate Complexity: follow up within 7-14 calendar days (99495)
    [x] Severe Complexity: follow up within 7 calendar days (99496) |

| Follow up testing, Pending results of referrals at intake

[x] Yes  - needs EEG and Echo - ordered by neurology,
[ ] no |

Instructions to MA: Please call patient on day after discharge (must document patient contacted
within 2 business days of discharge).

## Follow up questions for MA:

1. Did you get medications filled and taking them as instructed from discharge?
2. Are you following your discharge instructions from your hospital stay?
3. Please confirm patient is scheduled for a follow up appointment within the above time frame.

## Signed:

[PROVIDER_NAME]
Division of Hospitalist Medicine
[FACILITY_NAME]
[ENCOUNTER_DATE]. 6:02 PM

Electronically signed by [PROVIDER_NAME] at [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 6:13 PM

ED to Hosp-Admission (Discharged) on [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

Note viewed by patient

# Additional Orders and Documentation

|                 |      |                   |            |
| Results Imaging | Meds | Orders Procedures | Flowsheets |
|                 |      |                   |            |
Encounter Info: History, Allergies, Education, Care Plan, Detailed Report

# Hospital Problem List

<page_7_image_5.jpg>

Stroke-like symptoms

# Care Timeline

03/22 Admitted from ED 0948
03/27 Discharged 1845

# Discharge

<page_7_image_6.jpg>

Home or Self Care

AVS

Patient Signature (Printed [ENCOUNTER_DATE])
AVS - Discharge to Home (Printed [ENCOUNTER_DATE])

Follow-Ups

Follow up with Center for Senior Health SBH POS 22 in 6 weeks ([ENCOUNTER_DATE])

<ocr_service_page_start>8<ocr_service_page_start>

Schedule an appointment with [PROVIDER_NAME] (Family Medicine); Please call and make an
appointment to be seen within one week. A repeat EEG - to look at your brain activity was ordered, and will
need a echo to look at the heart.
Go to [PROVIDER_NAME] (Nurse Practitioner Family) on [ENCOUNTER_DATE]; Please go to appointment to
follow up with neurology at 12:30- come 15 minutes early for completion of paper work.

# Discharge Orders

EEG extended more than 1 hour
Transthoracic echocardiogram (TTE) complete with contrast, bubble, strain, and 3D PRN

# Medication List at Discharge

Aspirin 81 mg Oral Daily
Atorvastatin Calcium 40 mg Oral Nightly
levETIRAcetam 500 mg Oral 2 times daily
Losartan Potassium 100 mg Oral Daily

<ocr_service_page_start>9<ocr_service_page_start>

Patient Documents - Web Mode  [PATIENT_NAME]  📅  [DOB] (82 yo F)  📁  Acc No. [ACCOUNT_NUMBER] :  [ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] NEURO CRITICAL CARE CONSULT NOTE  ASK EVA  ?

| [PATIENT_NAME] 82 Y,F   INFO  HUB

<    1 / 7    >   132% |

[ ] Quick Search  ...  [ ] [ ] [ ]

[ENCOUNTER_DATE] [FACILITY_NAME] ORDER 7327701
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] [FACILITY_NAME] ORDER 7314743
05/13/2021 CORNERSTONE - RESP
Inpatient Records and ER(29)
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] DC SUMMAR
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] NEURO CON
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] GERIATRIC
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] NEURO CONS
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] Care Mana
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] NEURO CON
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] Rapid Res
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] NEURO CON
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] IP [FACILITY_NAME] NEURO CRI
12/01/2023 IP [FACILITY_NAME] DC SUMMARY
12/01/2023 IP [FACILITY_NAME] NEURO CON
11/30/2023 IP [FACILITY_NAME] HP
03/20/2021 SBH ADMISSION INFO
03/26/2021 HOSPITALIST D/C SUM
04/25/2021 SBH ER
202104251409_Emergency
202103260657_Inpatient
202103141313_Emergency

[PATIENT_NAME]

MRN: [MRN]

[PROVIDER_NAME]
[PROVIDER_NAME]
Neuro Critical Care
# Consults
Signed

<page_9_image_7.jpg>

Date of Service: [SERVICE_DATE]  7:54 AM

# Consult Orders

ACTIVATE STROKE TEAM ACH call # *757, SBH call # *888 [ACCOUNT_NUMBER] ordered by [PROVIDER_NAME] at
[ENCOUNTER_DATE] 0654

Signed

# ATTENDING TELE- STROKE TEAM NOTE

Patient Name: [PATIENT_NAME]
Patient DOB: [DOB]
MRN: [MRN]
Acct: [ACCOUNT_NUMBER]
Date of Admission: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

| If content is not visible properly, please click here to view in external viewer.          On:[ENCOUNTER_DATE]
                                                                                       Scanned By:[PROVIDER_NAME] Transition of Care Coordinator RN,[PROVIDER_NAME] |
| [x] Add Description

    Add Local    Options ▴    ⟳ |



---


# Encounter 2

<ocr_service_page_start>10<ocr_service_page_start>

[PATIENT_NAME]

MRN: [MRN]

Susana

[PROVIDER_NAME]
Physician
Neuro Critical Care
# Consults
Signed

<page_10_image_8.jpg>

Date of Service: [SERVICE_DATE]

# Consult Orders

ACTIVATE STROKE TEAM ACH call # *757, SBH call # *888 [ACCOUNT_NUMBER] ordered by [PROVIDER_NAME] at [SERVICE_DATE]

Signed

## ATTENDING TELE- STROKE TEAM NOTE

Patient Name: [PATIENT_NAME]
Patient DOB: [DOB]
MRN: [MRN]
Acct: [ACCOUNT_NUMBER]
Date of Admission: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
Room/Bed: 19/19
PCP: [PROVIDER_NAME]

Stroke team location; [FACILITY_NAME] ED
Stroke team notification: 07:04

History of Present Ilness: 81 y.o.

Chief Complaint of:patient came with MVC ,low speed , she was tound to be contused not
consistently following commands and some possible right hemi neglect, attending more to the left
and eyes no crossing midline, NIHSS 3, stroke team was called
Data was obtained from son who last time saw patient was yesterday mid day , patient apparently
was with a family member who is not present in the ED and there is NO way to get in touch with her
Patient had woken up and got dressed and apparently was getting into the car to drive and was
acting confused already as per the data the son gave us in the ED / he is in the believe that this may
have been present already when she woke up

ACC normal
Stight HTN on admission

# Last known well: Unclear

Data obtained from; ED MD
Family

## NIHSS on arrival :3

Current use of anticoagulants, yes / no and if yes what and time of last dose: No

<ocr_service_page_start>11<ocr_service_page_start>

# Pre-admission Modified Rankin Score: 0

0 No symptoms at all  
1 No significant disability despite symptoms; able to carry out all usual duties and activities  
2 Slight disability; unable to carry out all previous activities, but able to look after own affairs  

without assistance  

3 Moderate disability; requiring some help, but able to walk without assistance  
-  
4 Moderately severe disability; unable to walk without assistance and unable to attend to own  
-  

bodily  

needs without assistance  

5 Severe disability; bedridden, incontinent and requiring constant nursing care and attention  

Associated symptoms: None reported  

# Past Medical History:

# Past Medical History:

| Diagnosis    | Date |
| Hypertension |      |
# Past Surgical History:

## Past Surgical History:

| Procedure                  | Laterality | Date |
| ANKLE SURGERY              | Right      |      |
| CARDIAC                    |            |      |
| CATHETERIZATION            |            |      |
| EYE SURGERY                |            |      |
| TONSILLECTOMY (HISTORICAL) |            |      |
# Home Medications:
# Prior to Admission medications

| Medication                          | Sig                                     | Start Date | End Date | Takin g? | Authorizing Provider |
| aspirin 81 MG EC tablet             | Take 1 tablet (81 mg) by mouth daily.   | [SERVICE_DATE] | [SERVICE_DATE] |          | [PROVIDER_NAME]     |
| atorvastatin (Lipitor) 40 MG tablet | Take 1 tablet (40 mg) by mouth Nightly. | [SERVICE_DATE] | [SERVICE_DATE] |          | [PROVIDER_NAME]     |

<ocr_service_page_start>12<ocr_service_page_start>

# Current Hospital Medications:
# Current Facility-Administered Medications:

aspirin suppository 300 mg, 300 mg, Rectal, Once, [PROVIDER_NAME]
labetalol (Normodyne, Trandate) injection 10 mg, 10 mg, IntraVENous, q10 min PRN, [PROVIDER_NAME]

(Normodyne, manuate) injection IV my, IV my, intraveivous, qiu PRIV, [PROVIDER_NAME]
sodium chloride 0.9 % bolus 250 mL, 250 mL, IntraVENous, Once, [PROVIDER_NAME]
sodium chloride 0.9 % infusion, 5-250 mL/hr, IntraVENous, PRN, [PROVIDER_NAME]
sodium chloride 0.9 % infusion, 50 mL/hr, IntraVENous, Continuous, [PROVIDER_NAME]
sodium chloride 0.9% (NS) flush 5-40 mL, 5-40 mL, IntraVENous, q12h, [PROVIDER_NAME]
sodium chloride 0.9% (NS) flush 5-40 mL, 5-40 mL, IntraVENous, PRN, [PROVIDER_NAME]

# Current Outpatient Medications:

aspirin 81 MG EC tablet, Take 1 tablet (81 mg) by mouth daily., Disp: 30 tablet, Rfl: 11
atorvastatin (Lipitor) 40 MG tablet, Take 1 tablet (40 mg) by mouth Nightly., Disp: 30 tablet, Rfl: 11

# Continuous Infusions:

sodium chloride, 50 mL/hr

Hydrocodone-acetaminophen, Omeprazole, and Tramadol

# Allergies:

# Social History:

TOBACCO: reports that she has never smoked. She has never used smokeless tobacco.
ETOH: reports no history of alcohol use.
RECREATIONAL DRUG USE:
# Social History
# Substance and Sexual Activity
Drug Use No

# Family History:

## Family History

| No Known          | Mother |
| Problems          |        |
| No Known Problems | Father |

| Problem | Relation | Name | Age of |
| Onset   |          |      |        |
CURRENT - NIHSS

<ocr_service_page_start>13<ocr_service_page_start>

| 1a Level of consciousness: | 0=alert; keenly responsive                                    |
| 1b. LOC questions:         | 1=Performs one task correctly                                 |
| 1c. LOC commands:          | 1=Performs one task correctly                                 |
| 2. Best Gaze:              | 1 =partial gaze palsy                                         |
| 3. Visual:                 | 0=No visual loss                                              |
| 4. Facial Palsy:           | 0=Normal symmetric movement                                   |
| 5a. Motor left arm:        | 0=No drift, limb holds 90 (or 45) degrees for full 10 seconds |
| 5b. Motor right arm:       | 0=No drift, limb holds 90 (or 45) degrees for full 10 seconds |
| 6a. motor left leg:        | 0=No drift, limb holds 90 (or 45) degrees for full 10 seconds |
| 6b Motor right leg:        | 0=No drift, limb holds 90 (or 45) degrees for full 10 seconds |
| 7. Limb Ataxia:            | 0=Absent                                                      |
| 8. Sensory:                | 0=Normal; no sensory loss                                     |
| 9. Best Language:          | 0=No aphasia, normal                                          |
| 10. Dysarthria:            | 0=Normal                                                      |
| 11. Extinction and         | 0=No abnormality                                              |
| Inattention:               |                                                               |
|                            |                                                               |

| 12. Distal motor function: 0=Normal |
# Total:3

# Ancillary Data:

## Labs:

Recent Results (from the past 24 hour(s))

POCT glucose meter

Collection Time: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 6:50 AM

| Result  | Value   | Ref Range |
| Glucose | 106 (H) | 70 - 100  |
|         |         |           |

| mg/dL |
# CBC

Collection Time: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 6:57 AM

| Result     | Value    | Ref Range           |
| Auto WBC   | 5.4      | 3.6 - 10.7 10*3/uL  |
| RBC        | 5.45 (H) | 3.80 - 5.20 10*6/uL |
| Hemoglobin | 15.1     | 11.7 - 16.0 g/dL    |
| Hematocrit | 46.0     | 35.0 - 47.0 %       |
| MCV        | 84.4     | 77.0 - 99.0 fL      |
| MCH        | 27.7     | 26.0 - 34.0         |

| pg  |

<ocr_service_page_start>14<ocr_service_page_start>

| MCHC | 32.8 |
| RDW  | 12.9 |

| 30.5 - 36.0 % |     |               |
| 11.5 - 15.0 % |     |               |
| Platelets     | 233 | 140 - 440     |
| 10*3/uL       |     |               |
| MPV           | 9.2 | 9.0 - 12.7 fL |
Troponin, with Serial Reflex

Collection Time: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 6:57 AM

| Result     | Value  | Ref Range |
| TROPONIN I | <0.012 | <0.034    |
|            |        | ng/mL     |
# PROTIME/INR & PTT

Collection Time: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 6:57 AM

| Result      | Value | Ref Range     |
| PROTHROMBIN | 10.8  | 9.0 - 12.0 S  |
| TIME        |       |               |
| INR         | 1.0   | 0.9 - 1.1     |
| APTT        | 25.9  | 20.0 - 30.5 s |
# POCT BMPI Stroke Only

Collection Time: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 6:57 AM

| Result            | Value | Ref Range      |
| Sodium, WB        | 141   | 133 - 145      |
|                   |       | mmol/L         |
| POTASSIUM,WB      | 3.5   | 3.4 - 5.1      |
|                   |       | mmol/L         |
| CHLORIDE,WB       | 103   | 98 - 114       |
|                   |       | mmol/L         |
| CO2 WHOLE BLOOD   | 25    | 21 - 29        |
|                   |       | mmol/L         |
| ANION GAP         | 13.00 | 3.00 - - 13.00 |
| GLUCOSE, WB       | 100   | 70 - 100       |
|                   |       | mg/dL          |
| UREA NITROGEN,    | 11    | 4 - 22 mg/dL   |
| WB                |       |                |
| eGFR, Whole Blood | 74.1  |                |
| CREATININE, WB    | 0.8   | 0.6 - - 1.3    |
|                   |       | mg/dL          |
| CALCIUM,IONIZED   | 4.80  | 4.30 - 5.20    |
|                   |       |                |

| mg/dl |
ECG 12 lead if not already done by Squad

Collection Time: [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 7:36 AM

| Result        | Value | Ref Range |
| Heart Rate    | 76    | bpm       |
| QRSD Interval | 95    | ms        |
| QT Interval   | 427   | ms        |
| QTC Interval  | 474   | ms        |
| P Axis        | 49    | degrees   |

<ocr_service_page_start>15<ocr_service_page_start>

| QRS Axis    | -10 | degrees |
| T Wave Axis | 32  | degrees |
| PR Interval | 183 | ms      |
No results for input(s): "PH", "PO2", "PCO2", "HCO3", "O2SAT" in the last 72 hours.

No lab exists for component: "BE"

# Recent Labs

|     | [ENCOUNTER_DATE] |
|     | 0657     |
| INR | 1.0      |
# Radiology:

CT head: severe atrophy, several areas of chronic ischemic changes and encephalomalacia, worse in
the left fronto parietal subcortical regions ,
CTA: NO LVP
CT perfusion: NO clear perfusion deficit however slow flow is suspected in the left inferior M2 same
location where the white matter changes are noted

# ASSESSMENT

- Suspect left hemispheric syndrome locating to the left parietal region likely a IS, acute, sub
acute, however unclear LKW low NIH, patient is at risk for worsening, however no LVO . NO
acute intervention as we do not have a clear onset and she has significant CT abnormaity
findings to be concern regarding HT risk.
- Seizure may also be a possibility , I do thin EEG is necessary, it will also be important to
locate focal dysfunction

# -HTN

- Advance age

# PLAN/RECOMMENDATIONS:

- Thrombolytic treatment : No

Reason for no thrombolytic if applicable: Unclear LK WW

- Interventional Stroke Team activation: No

- Reason if no thrombectomy if applicable:

NIHSS less than 6 no LVO

<ocr_service_page_start>16<ocr_service_page_start>

# - Other recommendations;

Oxygen  
Rectal ASA  
Stat EEG  

Obtain MRI brain, suggest do with and without contrast,  
Admit with acute stroke NO interventional orders  

Ensure consult to local Neurologist,  

She will need ECHO  
SBP, goals OK up to 160, I do not think she needs 210  

Personal discussion of test results and plan of care with: / Family ED physician Neuroradiology  

Family was informed about the plans and the reason we were not able to provide thrombolysis  
safely, son communicated understanding and agreement with the plan  

I personally expend in min up to :Consult 60 (4)  

Thank you [PROVIDER_NAME] for the opportunity to be involved in this patient's care.  

Electronically signed by [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] at 7:54 AM  

Electronically signed by [PROVIDER_NAME] at [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 8:06 AM  

ED to Hosp-Admission (Current) on [ENCOUNTER_DATE]  

Note shared with patient  

# Care Timeline  

[ENCOUNTER_DATE] Admitted from ED 0948  

[PATIENT_NAME] ([MRN]) Printed by [PATIENT_NAME] [ACCOUNT_NUMBER] at [ENCOUNTER_DATE] 11:46 AM  

---  

# Encounter 3

<ocr_service_page_start>17<ocr_service_page_start>

12/18/24, 12:21 PM

Print Preview

[PATIENT_NAME] DOB: [DOB] (81 yo F) Acc No. [ACCOUNT_NUMBER] DOS: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

# [PATIENT_NAME]

81 Y old Female, DOB: [DOB]
Account Number: [ACCOUNT_NUMBER]
[ADDRESS]
Home: [PHONE]
Guarantor: [PATIENT_NAME] Insurance: ANTHEM
MEDICARE
Appointment Facility: [FACILITY_NAME]

INPATIENT FOLLOW-UP: [PROVIDER_NAME]

<page_17_image_9.jpg>

[ENCOUNTER_DATE]

## Reason for Appointment

1. IP Follow-up Visit SBH 3/27 DX: AMS
2. 2 kw

# History of Present Illness

## Interim History:

Transition of Care Inpatient

Transition to home (own)
Admission Date [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
30 Day Readmission no
Number of In Patient Admissions in last 12 months. 2
Discharge Date [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
Discharge summary report received yes HOSPITAL COURSE: [PATIENT_NAME] is a 81 y.o. female with past medical history below
who presents with chief complaint listed above 81-year-old female with altered mental state presented to the ED today, at 640 5
to 7 AM. Reportedly had a series of low-speed fender benders while she was driving the car today because of her altered mental
state this morning. She did have a prior stroke according to the family and she is behaving similar to that. Normally awake
alert oriented x 4 and functionally independent. In the ED, NIH 3, CT and CTA of head completed no intracranial hemorrhage
on exam. Neurology was consulted. NIHSS worsened on floor NIH6-7 and she was unable to answer any question, right sided
neglect and left gaze partial palsy. Sympoms improved and MRI brain was completed which showed no acute infarction just
remote infarction and lots of white matter changes. EEG showed bilateral independent occasional-to-frequent (~10-20% of the
record) intermittent slowing in the right > left fronto-temporal regions, indicative of focal neuronal dysfunction in these areas.
Additionally there is one example of a sharp wave discharge in the right fronto-temporal region, suggestive of an epileptogenic
focus / cortical irritability in the area. No seizures are seen. With recommendation of prolong testing outpatient. She was
started on Keppra by neurology, Neurology placed recommended continuing aspirin and not adding Plavix given her fall risk.
Also, recommended to get Lumbar puncture but patient did not want at this time, will need outpatient echo cardiogram which
was ordered by neurology Geriatrics was consulted recommending outpatient follow up with Center for senior health.
Date discharge summary was received: [ENCOUNTER_DATE]
Final Discharge Diagnoses Received yes Acute Confusional State with neglect Transient No evidence of acute ischemic
stroke on the CT head or MRI brain Cardio echo outpatient White Matter Small vessel disease similar to the previous MRI On
statin and aspirin, do not recommend plavix due to risk Hypertension Hyzaar DC continue losartan 100 mg - may need to
restart combo medications outpatient Seizure Disorder per neurology Start Keppra 500 mg BID Outpatient prolonged EEG
monitoring No driving until cleared, and caution with swimming, bathing, heavy machinery, ladders Maxillary pressure MRI
sinus Report not completed during admission follow up result outpatient, may need ENT referral
Post-discharge other consultation/followup yes Follow up with Center for Senior Health SBH POS 22 in 6 weeks
([ENCOUNTER_DATE]) Go to Shayna Richards, APRN CNP (Nurse Practitioner Family) on [ENCOUNTER_DATE]; Please go to appointment to
follow up with neurology at 12:30- come 15 minutes early for completion of paper work.
Results pending or testing ordered post-discharge imaging study needs EEG and Echo ordered by neurology,
Discharged with home care or ancillary therapy: yes SHAH
Does the patient have a Care Manager? No
Assistance needed with ADL's: yes walker
Oral Nutritional supplements given inpatient or prescribed homegoing no

# Progress Note: [PROVIDER_NAME] [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

<ocr_service_page_start>18<ocr_service_page_start>

Initial Contact within 2 business days of discharge yes  
Initial Contact Person patient  
Initial Contact Method telephone encounter TOCC RN called and spoke to the patient and her daughter Pt states she is  
doing "fine". Pt states she uses a walker to complete her ADLs. Patient is to have HHC services through [FACILITY_NAME] but they have not  
contacted her yet. Pt states she is tolerating fluids well and her appetite is good. Pt was receiving Ensure Plus and magic cups in  
the hospital, but she does not have them at home. Pt is on a regular diet. Pt states bladder and bowels are at baseline and last  
BM was [ENCOUNTER_DATE]. Pt denies any discomfort, pain fever or infection Pt is to follow up with Neurology on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] and have an EEG  
and ECHO done. Also patient is to follow up with Center for Senior Health on [ENCOUNTER_DATE]. Pt and her daughter were able to review her  
current medications Pt was STARTED on Keppra 500mg and Cozaar 100mg and STOP taking her Hyzaar 100-25 mg Patient  
is scheduled for an IP F/U on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] with [PROVIDER_NAME].  
Appointment Scheduled Yes  
Date of Scheduled Appointment [ENCOUNTER_DATE]  
Days from discharge to initial face-to-face visit 6  
Initial face-to-face visit type office visit  
Outreached, Not Scheduled No  
Reconciliation of Medication Completed Yes  
Transitional Care Nurse Assessment  
Reason for Admit: stroke like symptoms  
Discharge Plan: Home with Home Care and family to provide 24 hour care  

# Current Medications

## Taking

Aspirin 81 81 MG Tablet Delayed Release 1 tablet Orally Once a day  
Atorvastatin Calcium 40 MG Tablet 1 tablet Orally Once a day, Notes to Pharmacist: pt doesn not have this medication.  
Calcium + D(Calcium-Vitamin D-Vitamin K) 500-1000-40 MG-UNT-MCG Tablet Chewable as directed Orally  
Disability Parking Permit NA NA NA NA 1 time  
levETIRAcetam 500 MG Tablet 1 tablet Orally every 12 hrs  
Losartan Potassium 100 MG Tablet 1 tablet Orally Once a day  
Vitamin D3 25 MCG Tablet 1 tab(s) orally once a day  

## Not-Taking

Pepcid(Famotidine) 40 MG Tablet 1 tablet at bedtime Orally Once a day  
Vitamin B12 1000 MCG Tablet Extended Release 1 tablet Orally Once a day  
Medication List reviewed and reconciled with the patient  

# Medical History

Other and unspecified hyperlipidemia.  
Essential (primary) hypertension.  
Insomnia, unspecified type.  
GERD without esophagitis.  
Periventricular leukomalacia.  
Left temporal lobe infarction.  
Basal ganglia infarction.  
[PROVIDER_NAME] GI.  
Menopausal disorder.  
Uterovaginal prolapse, unspecified.  
Cystocele, midline.  
Sciatica, right side.  
Acute deep vein thrombosis (DVT) of distal vein of right lower extremity.  
Post-traumatic osteoarthritis, right ankle and foot.  
Mixed hyperlipidemia.  

# Surgical History

heart cath -- normal, abnormal ekg 2001  
tonsillectomy/adenoidectomy 1956  
cataract extraction [ENCOUNTER_DATE], [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

<ocr_service_page_start>19<ocr_service_page_start>

right ankle fracute fixed with plates - [PROVIDER_NAME] [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

# Family History

Father: deceased, colon cancer, diagnosed with cancer  
Mother: deceased  
Siblings: MI- 1 sister deceased  
Children: alive  
2 brother(s), 1 sister(s) 3 son(s), 2 daughter(s) - healthy.  
Druse Abuse Hx.  
Updated [ENCOUNTER_DATE] ls.

# Social History

## General:

Nicotine/Tobacco: Assessed  
Are you a: Never Smoker  
Tobacco use detail: no, none, , no close contact/household exposures,.  
Alcohol Screen  
Did you have a drink containing alcohol in the past year? No  
Interpretation Negative  
Alcohol use detail: no.  
Drug use (ilicit)  
Have you used drugs for reasons other than medical in the last 12 months? No  
Advanced directives: Yes  
DPOA For Health Care Yes  
Kept where: Home  
Living Will: Yes  
Kept where: Home  
Dietary: unrestricted diet.  
Caffeine: yes, green tea: amount per day-1.  
Marital Status: single, Widowed.  
Occupation/Occ Exposure: legal assistant.  
Exercise: yes, at work/mannis legal services.  
Travel outside US: no.  
Sexually active: yes.  
Dental Care: yearly.  
Herbals/Supplements: denies.  
Children: sons:3 daughters:2.  
Religion  
Religion Protestant/Christian  
Pets: Cat (s) 6 Dog (s) 2.  
Home smoke detectors  
Use: Yes  
no.  
pdated [ENCOUNTER_DATE] ls.

# Allergies

traMADol: vomitting - Side Effects  
HYDROcodone-Acetaminophen: stomach upset - Side Effects  
Omeprazole: hives Allergy

# Hospitalization/Major Diagnostic Procedure

cardiac/gi work up 2001  
right sciatica 08/2017  
R foot surgery 12/2017  
SBH ER - abdominal pain [ENCOUNTER_DATE]  
covid 03/2021  
TIA (transient ischemic attack) 11/2023  
Stroke-like symptoms 03/2024

<ocr_service_page_start>20<ocr_service_page_start>

# Vital Signs

Temp: 98.0, HR: 64, RR: 16, BP: 150/88, BP Other: 164/102, Ht: 60, Wt: 128.0, Wt change: -6.6 lbs, BMI: 25  
BP 150/ 88.

# Examination

## General Examination:

General Appearance: elderly, female, NAD.  
Neck, Thyroid : supple, no thyromegaly or nodularity, no lymphadenopathy, no JVD, no carotid bruit.  
Chest: no retractions or use of accessory muscles, normal shape and expansion.  
Heart/cardiovascular: normal rate and regular rhythm, no murmurs.  
Lungs: clear to auscultation bilaterally, normal effort, no wheezes/rhonchi/rales, regular breathing rate and effort.  
Abdomen soft, NT/ND, BS present.

# Assessments

1. Seizure - R56.9 (Primary)  
2. BMI 25.0-25.9,adult - Z68.25  
3. Decreased hearing of both ears - H91.93  
4. Seizure disorder - G40.909  
5. Age-related osteoporosis without current pathological fracture - M81.0  
6. Essential (primary) hypertension - I10  
7. Transient cerebral ischemia, unspecified type - G45.9  
8. Mild dementia, unspecified dementia type, unspecified whether behavioral, psychotic, or mood disturbance or anxiety Fo3.Ao

# Treatment

## 1. Seizure disorder

Continue levETIRAcetam Tablet, 500 MG, 1 tablet, Orally, every 12 hrs

## 2. Age-related osteoporosis without current pathological fracture

Continue Calcium + D Tablet Chewable, 500-1000-40 MG-UNT-MCG, as directed, Orally

## 3. Essential (primary) hypertension

Continue Losartan Potassium Tablet, 100 MG, 1 tablet, Orally, Once a day

## 4. Transient cerebral ischemia, unspecified type

Continue Atorvastatin Calcium Tablet, 40 MG, 1 tablet, Orally, Once a day, Notes to Pharmacist: pt doesn not have this medication

# 5. Others

Continue Aspirin 81 Tablet Delayed Release, 81 MG, 1 tablet, Orally, Once a day

# Visit Codes

99213 Estab Pt Vs low level medical decision making.

# Procedure Codes

3008F BMI Documented  
3079F BP diastolic 80-89

# Follow Up

4 Weeks,prn

# Care Plan Details

# Vitals

HR ((min)) 64

<ocr_service_page_start>21<ocr_service_page_start>

<page_21_image_10.jpg>

Electronically signed by [PROVIDER_NAME] on [ENCOUNTER_DATE] at 08:57 PM EDT  
Sign off status: Completed

[FACILITY_NAME]  
[ADDRESS]  
Tel: [PHONE]  
Fax: [PHONE]

Progress Note: [PROVIDER_NAME] [ENCOUNTER_DATE]

Note generated by eClinicalWorks EMR/PM Software (www.eClinicalWorks.com)

5/5